Nikita: It's a pretty fucking legit reason to watch augs
Erika: hmm
Liam: whoa thanks for the aug racism there
Nikita: It's pretty close to Overwatch and it's  robot racism
Harley: to be fair, you really shouldn't draw that comparison (overwatch and Deus Ex), theres other interesting story beats that could come out of this
Harley: instead of just making it a "Racism but with robot people" thing
Mymla: overwatch's story seems pretty bad from what I've seen, and it can and should be completely ignored
Harley: like, i legit liked deus ex's fear that augs would get preferental treatment in employment as a kind of fucked up "racism" because they are LITERALLY better suited for the job
Harley: and that in turn leads to companies auging augs
Harley: making them better and better
Mymla: but deus ex is a story driven game
Harley: and tightening the noose around any unaug'd people
Harley: thats actually kind of neat
Mymla: which is pretty cool
Nikita: I'm mainly talking about DX MD
Mymla: I don't know what happens in MD exactly
Mymla: since I haven't played it
Liam: something stupid no doubt
Harley: then again, to be fair
Harley: http://www.thejimquisition.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/deus.jpg
Harley: I think this image summerizes Mankind Divided well.
Nikita: The events of HR leads to people being put into camps
Nikita: That's about 8t
Harley: Someowhere in that company is good people writing a good narrative.
Harley: Somewhere there is someone being a smug artistic ballsack about their work.
Mymla: tbh I can't really remember what happened in HR either
Harley: its like Blizzard writing but instead of corruption its artsy fartsy jerking off to OH SO TIMELESSLY TOPICAL~ claptrap
Mymla: I certainly can't remember anything that could get people put into augschwitz
Erika: not to derail you guys but I did another thing
Harley: oh no
Erika: oh yes
Harley: its pulling from a random pile of things said? :D
Erika: yup
Harley: how far back?
Mymla: out of context, DX MD sounds like some sort of fetish sex toy
Erika: I can refine it, right now it's literally just pulling any random line
Erika: as far back as I implemented it which is about 1 minute ago
Harley: aha
Nikita: A chip makes every augmented person to hallucinate and attack people close to them
Harley: the thing is, if they wanted to be less tasteless
Harley: this sohuld have lead to people outcrying against augs, and augs themselves outcrying against being fucked with by companies.
Harley: because it was "come get an upgrade! HA, GET OWNED SCRUBS."
Alexander: The real questions is, can raidbot quote itself?
Harley: well find out!
Erika: I'd only seen one of these before but all of these just work perfectly http://www.portlandmercury.com/blogtown/2016/08/12/18474386/dont-miss-futuramas-billy-west-and-his-hilarious-readings-of-trump-quotes
Erika: I... don't know. but will find out
Erika: nope, no raidbot logs
Erika: that would be silly
Nikita: If they integrated one of the endings into MD it could kinda work
Nikita: Malfunction blamed on botched neuropozyne magic drug, it gets recalled, prices go up, poors get desperate
Nikita: Hire me Illuminati
Nikita: Anyway, enough theory crafting
Liam: https://twitter.com/MagicRealismBot/status/763949276497977344
Nikita: There's a live letter on Sunday so that's cool maybe
Alexander: Steps of Faith 2. Party can't even meet the adds DPS check.
Alexander: 2 are typically still alive at Mr Nidhogg's Wipe Time.
Nikita: That's almost unbelievably awful
Nikita: Remember when Steps 1 was the hard one?
Nikita: It was like for two weeks
Erika: it's my least favourite trial by far
Harley: pubbing it is awful
Harley: but the trial itself shines
Mymla: ffxiv trial difficulty is in a pretty good spot tbh
Mymla: don't really want to do them in duty finder, but they're fine if like 6 out of 8 people sort of know what they're doing
Nikita: Steps 2 is very good for a final boss of Heavensward
Nikita: Duty finder people are dumb ad bricks
Nikita: With a memory of a fruit fly
Liam: i did steps 2 recently with 3 bards, 2 paladins and a new healer
Liam: and the other healer was umming an ahhing about leaving because we might not hit the dps check
Liam: cleared that fucker in one go
Liam: it was very satisfying
Alexander: Steps 2 is a really nice fight. Steps 1 is just a chore.
Alexander: It's not fun at all.
Nikita: I hate when people don't use the dragonkiller in steps 1
Harley: https://clips.twitch.tv/totalbiscuit/DoubtfulWormWTRuck
Harley: No man's FPS.
Alexander: I assume TB is one of those streamers that has a million pound rig too.
Harley: yes
Erika: http://store.steampowered.com/app/275850/#app_reviews_hash
Erika: OVERALL:
Mostly Negative (4,791 reviews)
Erika: nice
Liam: oof
Liam: like i said, needed another year in the oven
Nikita: At this point I feel bad for NMS
Nikita: It seems to be a fine game for people who are into space exploration
Liam: overhyped
Nikita: But it will get slammed by bad reviews because people are morons
Nikita: No Man's pie in the sky indeed
Nikita: 60% of the reviews are negative so far
Nikita: Back in my day I played jrpgs with constant frame drops and loved it  goddangit
Nikita: Spoiled kids with their pee cees complaining when a game drops to 30 frames
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoXDe8HxHBA
Liam: more olympic goofs https://i.imgur.com/pgrg30q.mp4
Nikita: When Fplus posted an episode on homeopathy what I actually got is not exactly what I expected
Nikita: Way more dicks
Liam: https://twitter.com/_statbot
Liam: mine https://twitter.com/_statbot/status/764241745999699968/photo/1
Nikita: Apparently FFXV  might be delayed to November
Erika: Haha
Nikita: So much for the grandiose release date announcement event
Erika: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/report-final-fantasy-xv-has-been-delayed-to-november-29th
Nikita: Square Enix in 2016
Nikita: I wonder if DX MD was delayed to August 23 because it's the exact same day HR was released
Nikita: And their marketing person is insane
Nikita: Or should I say Aug-ust
Nikita: #Can'tKillProgress
Nikita: 4.5 more hours of night shift kill me
Nikita: Anyway I started playing Dishonored DLC recently and it's good and fun
Nikita: Dishonored world is also cool and weird and I'm glad it's getting a sequel
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/4U9D7EE.gif
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/kHYHsCJ.jpg
Harley: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CpukNzCWgAAhkIm.jpg
Harley: Liam, that bot is a treasure.
Liam: you have a better pizza making stat than i
Harley: together, we shall make a reasonable pizza
Liam: poor weightlifting stat though
Harley: my ability to lift is eclipsed by my ability to quote picard, three fold!
Liam: just had a tank whine about cleric stance to the healers
Liam: in cape westwind
Erika: Hahaha
Liam: also transferred the game to my ssd and boy that helps a lot
Erika: Yep, pretty sure I got my ssd about the same time as the game came out, you can't really go back
Liam: i have a smallish ssd which i had the os on and put my games on a 3tb hard drive
Liam: but i figured i use ffxiv a lot so i tranferred it over
Erika: Yeah
Erika: Mines 260GB I think which is enough for OS, software and four or five large games + a bunch of smaller games
Erika: My 3TB is all video and audio
Erika: So I have to delete big games to download new big games so,etimes but it's no big deal with cloud saving or backing up save files
Liam: i have the same size ssd, a 3TB one for games and an older 1TB which i keep my videos and stuff on
Erika: Still a bigger one would be nice for the convenience
Erika: Aaah
Erika: Priority right now is on a 120/144hz screen I think
Liam: look forward to the day i can get a huge SSD for cheap and not have to worry about hard drives any more
Erika: For sure
Liam: i already replaced the hard drive in my old laptop and it just breathed new life into it
Liam: i don't keep much media on here so space isn't an issue
Erika: https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/.eJxNjc1OwzAQhN8lUm8Qr39jW6oQFyoOPANae9dpq6YJtTlVvDsuJ6Q5zHwazdyH79tliMOxta1GIeqI6yXTdczrIui0VCtw2WIh7zIE48liCMFKXSYAzW4yjGmyVrHzmr1oUSqAJ6dBfEUP4qXP7__Gd_p1p966_l_0eKz1Adt6w5m7W06ED2KTAyJWKYWUEDImlZ3xpUDJFKzqFQVGeiPl1P37x-FTS-Mr44yNn5nG8zYPP78ej0Om.9781klI4ApIMqM6SZM1i82VvIJM.jpg
Liam: one day...
Erika: Mmmmm
Liam: if president trump hasn't nuked us all by then
Liam: i keep telling my family, don't buy a new laptop, replace the hard drive with an ssd
Erika: Yeah I used to hoard so much music, then Spotify came along
Liam: but they won't be told
Liam: they buy cheap and nasty laptops then complain when they break after 2 years
Erika: Used to download all the TV I would watch and that's changing too, I watch more YouTube subscriptions and Netflix and download whatever that doesn't cover
Liam: yeah pretty much
Erika: Hah sounds about right
Liam: hell my tv has apps built in that i just stream
Matt: SSDs are so goddamned good
Matt: I basically never touch my platter drives and would probably get rid of them if I had a better connection
Matt: (as is have to store games on steam on them rather than uninstalling reinstalling when I wanna play)
Liam: how much is a 1tb ssd these days
Liam: maybe in a year or two it'll be worth getting one and installing/uninstalling games again like the old days
Liam: half in the bag for stranger things is up btw
Erika: it's good as usual but it is weird
Erika: like i don't like to be cynical but the first couple of minutes just gave me the biggest feeling of "netflix paid a lot of money for this to happen"
Erika: I'd like to think not but hmm
Nikita: that would be pretty stupid, Stranger Things is the last show that needs selling
Erika: https://twitter.com/TheMaxxProject/status/764191255974797312 be still my beating heart
Harley: replies "is that suposed to be impressive?"
Harley: "she won bronze so i guess?"
Erika: eh I won't bother speculating because it's pointless and nobody really knows, I just got that vibe
Harley: Fucking ballsacks, I'd like to see you even do HALF.
Alexander: I wasn't ready for the heart gesture.
Nikita: Blizzard's marketing has gone too far
Liam: the heavensward dungeon boss theme has been remixed for dissidia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYY-s5Q56gI
Harley: Its alright.
Harley: no, ill be fair, its a good remix to judge it by it actually being a remix and not a no effort "oh its that song you liked lets lazily remake it."
Harley: the chanting/singing/hollering however outstays for me
Erika: I'm not hot on it to begin with, I prefer the music in the ARR 4-mans
Harley: I prefer Trial 2's redo of it
Harley: when niddy goes human form
Erika: the first/second dungeon boss music in 2.x I really enjoy and am still not tired of it
Erika: overall heavensward has a reallllllly strong soun dtrack, I really really love the leitmotifs in the various areas and how the theme comes together through the story but the dungeon music is just eeeeeeeeeeeeh
Harley: I (basically) came in at heavensward, so that entire spectrum of dungeon music is all good to me
Mymla: imo one of the worst parts of 2.0 is that every dungeon more or less has the same music
Mymla: except for like a 30 second thing at the start
Harley: yeah
Erika: it was nice that the 2.1+ dungeons changed it up
Erika: snowcloak's music was really good, and lost city
Harley: i'd love a take on nidhogg human form's music that's smoother to loop
Erika: I haven't even done steps 2 or nidhogg
Harley: :V
Erika: I can't even remember if I did the 3.3 story
Harley: Spoiler alert, Nidhogg has a human form.
Erika: yeah thanks
Harley: Well, Elezen?
Harley: yeaah you already knew about that spoiler tho ;>
Erika: I didn't
Erika: but whatever
Harley: You did. Because it was tied into 3.0
Erika: okay
Erika: unless you mean estinien
Harley: Indeed.
Mymla: I'm a pretty big fan of torn from the heavens
Mymla: the one that plays for large boss fates that can't be soloed and also for like chimaera and a few other things
Erika: would have been nice to see it for myself in the fight but hey I'm in an FF14 group chat without having kept updated on the game so it was gonna happen
Harley: I am sorry for the very mild spoiler, since FFXIV's story is so fucking great, but I hope you get the chance to do it yourself sometime soon.
Harley: Because its not really about anything that happens in 3.3, its about how its presented.
Erika: haha indeed
Harley: Its some of squares finest work.
Harley: Realy, REALLY good camera work.
Mymla: better resub or you'll get the whole thing spoiled
Harley: and music ques.
Erika: yeah it's no secret that I really really enjoyed heavensward, the 5 days or so after its release I lost myself in it and played tthrough the whole story and fucking loved it, and really enjoyed 3.1 and 3.2's story too
Harley: also lost city of m'hach is actually cool
Mymla: the weeping city of mhach*
Harley: although i dislike its loot system so it quickly lost its luster
Erika: on the other hand I have barely any motivation to do anything else anymore - the 4mans are so fucking dull even the first time I ever do them, and doing the roulettes every day or whatever to keep updated is literally a chore
Erika: I never beat weeping city but I did see it through to the last boss, it was good
Harley: 3.3's 4 mans, ones really good for "The plot" and the final boss is neat.
Harley: the other is... eh, its fun and has a fun vibe.
Harley: Would i say "resub for it?" Nah.
Harley: would i say resub for 3.3 as a whole? Uh yeah.
Mymla: I like 3.3's 4 mans
Mymla: worst part is the second boss of hullbreaker hard
Mymla: or anub'arak 6.0: the icening
Harley: ah yes, that guy
Harley: I love the first boss from a meta sense
Erika: that's why I like the trials, they're short so don't feel like a chore, they're fun to learn and play, they're pretty, they have old FF summons in them and almost always have great music
Harley: because its literaelly KILL THE FUCKING ADDS the 4 man boss
Mymla: I also like it in general
Nikita: Secret best music in 3.3 is the solo instance in Azys Lla
Erika: I did hullbreaker hard but not the other new one
Harley: oh yeah, i forgot about the solo thing
Erika: oh yeah I did that side quest/duty with krile too
Erika: that was unexpected and fun
Erika: more azys lla please
Harley: its funny, playing wow a whole heap
Harley: like
Harley: khadgar is FFXIV level character.
Harley: he'd be perfect in the scions infact
Harley: every other character? Fuck off.
Harley: They are so, so bad they dont even deserve to be mooks that get killed off.
Mymla: I wouldn't say every other character
Mymla: just
Mymla: every major character
Harley: Thats true yes. I think i meant that.
Harley: theres good side characters that are fun
Harley: Megatron Bird for example
Nikita: luckily 3.4 will probably have the next of the Triad so plenty of Azys Lla coming up
Harley: Also Burden of the uncle
Mymla: also there are like a bunch of islands left in azys lla which are probably gonna be 4-mans
Mymla: or possibly MSQ related I guess
Mymla: or both
Liam: when is 3.4
Harley: Both.
Nikita: october maybe
Harley: uh, at least a month id say?
Mymla: approximately a month
Harley: I wonder if they'll be cheeky enough to launch it against Legion
Mymla: like, a month give or take a week
Harley: I'll admire their balls if they do and hate them for it because.
Mymla: well, unless they're delaying it for like 1-2 months more than usual, they're launching it against legion
Nikita: isnt Legion in august?
Mymla: august 30
Harley: To be fair it'd also be a better time for it, since Legion has no raids or Mythic+'s for a month while people get leveled and comfortable.
Harley: because turbonerds.
Harley: "I NEED TO HIT LEVEL CAP AND DO REAL CONTENT RIGHT AWAY MY WORLD FIRSTS Q_Q"
Harley: I fucking hate this community.
Erika: will 3.4 be in october? wasn't 3.3 already a couple of months ago now or was it really that recent?
Nikita: im mostly talking out of my ass
Mymla: 3.4 is gonna be september probably
Erika: if they're taking longer between patches fair enough but can't imagine the weeks leading up to it will be very exciting
Mymla: I think 3.3 was early june
Nikita: and looking at 2.x release schedule
Nikita: because so far 3.x has been sticking fairly close to it
Harley: On the flipside, blizzard told the same community to go eat a dick and enabled legendaries in bleeding edge stuff. So thats nice. (Yes people unironically bitched that if X guild has Y legendary they'll get world first and THATS UNFAAAAAAAAAIR)
Mymla: 3.2-3.3 was feb23-jun7
Mymla: so 3.5 months
Harley: Neat.
Harley: wait, wasn't there a live letter?
Mymla: so I'm putting 3.4 mid-late september at the latest
Nikita: there's a 14 hour stream tomorrow
Harley: Hey i guess that'll answer it right?
Nikita: FFXIV three year anniversary broadcast and all that
Harley: oh yeah, they will DEFO talk 3.4 then
Nikita: 9.00 pm - 10 p.m Letter from the Producer LIVE XXXI
Harley: wouldn't be suprised if we also see 4.0's foreshadowing
Mymla: XXXL?
Nikita: 9:00 p.m. - 10:30 p.m. - Letter From the Producer Live Part XXXI
Catch a glimpse of what's to come in the next patch with Patch 3.4 Preview Part 1
Nikita: well there it is I guess
Nikita: times are in PDT
Mymla: what's pdt again?
Mymla: like 8 hours behind?
Mymla: 9?
Mymla: UTC-7
Mymla: so 9 hours behind me
Nikita: I don't know, I just google 9 p.m. PDT
Nikita: google is smarter than me let it work
Mymla: BUT THAT'S WHAT MICROSOFT WANTS
Harley: just look for when whats his face is streaming on twitch and doign the live translate
Harley: i forget who it is, im sure one of these wonderful chaps knows
Mymla: I don't know what harambe is
Mymla: but it sounds absolutely haram
Nikita: what kind of a meme loving millenial are you?
Mymla: if you don't love memes, what the fuck are you even doing on the internet?
Harley: harambe is the ape that got shot when someone gave him a tastey baby to eat
Harley: I think.
Harley: might also not be a he, im a gender loving ballsack who autodefaults to male.
Harley: Ill go feel bad about this.
Harley: F
Harley: (YOU SEE WHAT I DID THERE, ERIKA?!)
Erika: https://twitter.com/RealShigeruM/status/763102527416139776
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqupUsjbpdM
Harley: https://pics.onsizzle.com/press-f-to-unzip-pants-3231257.png
Erika: lol
Harley: the internet everyone
Harley: cats and memes all the way down
Erika: "dicks out for harambe" still makes me laugh even weeks later because I am a child
Harley: same
Harley: its so incredibly juenile :D
Mymla: I don't get it
Erika: well heres the explanation:
Erika: dicks out for harambe
Mymla: I still don't get it
Mymla: that explanation was suboptimal
Erika: My condolences
Nikita: you dont explain memes because then your dad would understand them and then they're not cool and dank anymore
Mymla: in 20 years, memes will be the new dad jokes
Erika: Retirement homes will be full of CS and Dota LAN parties
Erika: "Come here sweetie and take a selfie with grandma"
Mymla: I can't wait to hear about progamers retiring because of arthritis
Alexander: Depends whether we invent good enough robotic hands first.
Mymla: illegal cyborg firmware will be the new doping
Alexander: Right now we're developing prosthetics for people who lose limbs/hands/etc. One day people may willingly lose their limbs for them.
Harley: Your... Goondolences?
Harley: also today i had to explain to mymla that i dont care if a dragon man and a human woman love each other very much.
Harley: These are the kind of conversations i have.
Harley: My life. What Have I done?
Matteo: Actually played that a lot with my neighbour, at the old age of 10 or 12
Nikita: are you a stereotype
Erika: World Cup Italia 90 was my jam
Matteo: BACK IN MY DAY we didn't have these fancy Steams and shit so I don't know for sure, but I suspect one of my most played games of all time was PC Calcio 2 or 3, can't remember the version
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CptgZu1WYAAjlmw.jpg:large
Matteo: Give people shit to farm and they will farm
Liam: colleague at work thinks avril lavigne plays harley quinn in suicide squad
Liam: hes a fucking idiot
Matteo: Raidbot always scolds me for swearing and rarely others
Matteo: This is clearly orchestrated
Erika: It's some extremely advanced AI for sure
Nikita: racist ai
Erika: https://twitter.com/dalamadur/status/764216115430060032?s=09
Harley: A+
Erika: I never esuna pacification because it's less important than healing or dpsing if everyone's topped off
Mymla: yeah I'm pretty sure I can get in more dps if I just keep spamming stone 3 than the warrior could if cleansed
Nikita: BUT MY FEL CLEAVE
Matteo: Two gcds with berserk down are probably equivalent to what you'd get by keeping dps up as healer
Matteo: So it's the same, cleanse or not, fuck warriors
Matteo: I'll cleanse it to be cute if I remember to line up the cast so pacify looks like it doesn't land
Matteo: Unless they have a macro to ask for it, if so they can get fucked
Alexander: Blame the bard for not using paean.
Harley: I didn't ask for it and was glad when I got it. v0v
Matteo: I have no pacify macro and I had a whm / ast tag team cleanse pacify instantly every time last time I joined a mhach in progress for a fc guy
Matteo: Literally everytime, I didn't see it on for more than a second
Matteo: Didn't have a bard either
Nikita: probably a repost but I still love it https://twitter.com/GGInflux/status/763530532688949248
Velcio: Perhaps I should really install telegram on my Nexus 5X and tweak the notifications for it
Velcio: I keep forgetting to check this group :x
Mymla: we feel very betrayed
Velcio: Hey, I downed A8S
Velcio: That fight sure was...a thing.
Mymla: coblyn larva
Velcio: Legit lacking social Internet stuff, all my groups are dead
Velcio: And my static is basically mute
Velcio: I kinda want to resub to WoW, FFXIV feeling dry at the moment, but I'm just disgusted at Blizzard's content cycle
Mymla: I resubbed to wow
Mymla: as bad as the content cycle is, leveling from 100-110 can't be all bad
Velcio: Yeah their leveling game is light years ahead of FFXIV
Velcio: Story might be bad but at least it's executed well
Mymla: well, no
Mymla: ffxiv has much better leveling
Velcio: The what now
Velcio: I'm talking specifically about questing in the new expansions
Mymla: yeah
Velcio: Because FFXIV never does anything interesting with actual leveling mechanics
Velcio: There might be interesting cutscenes, but they often feel stilted
Velcio: FFXIV visuals, WoW's smoothness (ability queueing, tick rate, etc.), FFXIV story, WoW story execution, WoW style questline gimmicks.
Velcio: Can't say about class mechanics since MCH/BRD are basically my first DPS I've ever played on any decent difficulty level. Healers in WoW are definitely more engaging to play though
Mymla: healers in wow is like healers in ffxiv
Mymla: except they don't have cleric stance
Alexander: That sounds awful.
Mymla: when last I healed in WoD it was
Mymla: put renew or power word: shield on every target
Mymla: push aoe heals when necessary
Alexander: I've never played WoW for more than 15 minutes though, so eh.
Velcio: God, literally have zero drive to finish Deep Dungeon weapon/Do the seasonal events
Velcio: I guess I should pick up at least the gun and the bow and do the short duration event
Mymla: definitely get the poses
Mymla: if you don't have those, just uninstall tbh
Velcio: Haven't felt like starting since I was at my parents for a week just now
Mymla: I don't even want you in my game if you can't do power ranger poses
Velcio: But I guess I'll do it tomorrow
Velcio: also finished Danganronpa 2 a few days ago
Velcio: And made a spergy post in the game thread afterwards
Velcio: at 6 am
Velcio: I need a new game to obsess over
Velcio: Wonder if the Zero Escape series would hit the same notes
Velcio: Oh, should probably really get on Witcher 2
Liam: i've never been as in love with the witcher as everyone else
Liam: beat 1 and 2
Liam: they were ok
Mymla: I tried to play 1 and 2
Mymla: they seemed shit, so I stopped after a few hours
Liam: the beginning of 1 is really bad tbh
Liam: it's massive and directionless
Liam: and the hellhound things are absolute fuckers
Mymla: the world seems edgy as fuck and the protagonist is hilariously mary sue
Liam: yes
Mymla: furthermore, the combat was really bad in both games
Mymla: at least at first
Liam: i think the reason i'm not in love with it is that i don't like the setting or geralt
Liam: it does a good job of making your choices count though
Mymla: I didn't like the setting or main character in alpha protocol, but I gave that like 6 playthroughs
Liam: i don't know what you want me to tell you
Liam: i only played through either witcher once, they're functional as games
Liam: that's about it
Velcio: Witcher 2 plays well on a controller, right?
Velcio: Want to chillax on my recliner and save my wrist
Liam: yeah it was made with consoles in mind
Velcio: My MMO mouse has been killing my wrist
Velcio: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Quervain_syndrome had a fairly mild case of this
Velcio: I think
Velcio: Trying to bend my wrist "low" with thumb being the "upper" part hurt like hell
Velcio: How dumb am I for realizing while using Telegram on my phone that HOLY SHIT THIS SCREEN IS SO MUCH BETTER than my old cheap lumia's?
Alexander: Nexus 5X is pretty good.
Nikita: FFXV delay confirmed more or less
Nikita: https://twitter.com/RPGSite/status/764585032170164225?s=09
Nikita: Hell of a delay too
Velcio: Looking at ffxv subreddit, holy shit people are pissed and panicking
Velcio: Thankfully it isn't on PC anyhow so I'm not missing anything
Liam: they said they'll probably do a pc port at some point
Liam: hell every other final fantasy is on pc now
Liam: apart from xii i guess
Liam: me irl http://i.imgur.com/tOgeKdj.gif
Erika: same
Liam: i don't understand
Erika: It's too dank
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/ZL1L9sF.jpg
Mymla: what the fuck
Harley: parents suck
Mymla: I wonder how old she's gonna be when she just decides to spell it "kaitlyn"
Nikita: Very kvlt
Harley: Deus Kvlt? D:
Nikita: No that's not grim enough
Alexander: "I really like the name Kaitlyn, but it wouldn't make my daughter's life miserable enough..."
Velcio: Sweet Jesus Mr. Robot sure is something
Alexander: Domo Arigato?
Erika: https://twitter.com/whiteandfaded/status/764605580099092480
Nikita: Idgi
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/fuoFUrc.gifv
Liam: https://twitter.com/BabyGotBell/status/763838381478580224
Erika: haha I just saw that
Erika: https://twitter.com/thecatamites/status/593496343164755968
Liam: that's a lot of money
Liam: why go to a hotel when you can just sleep in the park under newspaper
Alexander: Plus you can drink for free at the lake/fountain.
Liam: https://twitter.com/TumblrSimulator
Liam: https://twitter.com/TumblrSimulator/status/764495872558260229
Nikita: apparently im bad at reading dates and live letter is on friday 26h
Harley: i love this, saw it awhile back
Erika: it's so good
Erika: so good
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/XVwzE7V.mp4
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/v27flOm.jpg
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/VQl05BY.jpg
Erika: First day of my new job today and the thing I'm worried about most is making sure my shoes are comfy enough to last the whole day
Alexander: Shoes are never comfy all day.
Erika: Words of wisdom
Nikita: FFXV oficially delayed, doing it so the disc will have the now obligatory day one patch on it
Harley: This is pretty important.
Nikita: Reaper being an edgy tryhard is a good joke but the actuall assholes are McCree players
Nikita: I endured about 5 matches in a row with constant "u mad bro?" no matter if its a win or lose
Alexander: I had a bunch of matches yesterday against a good Reaper. As a healer it was awful.
Nikita: the obvious flavour of the month is Genji though
Nikita: if you hear a dragonblade might as well kill yourself
Nikita: it's almost enough to make me play Mei
Erika: this x1000
Erika: fuck that guy
Nikita: the only way you could nerf it is to maybe take damage down a bit or remove dash refresh on kill
Alexander: If I'm playing Zenyatta, Dragonblade usually forces out my ultimate. If I'm playing Mercy, I cry and hope he doesn't see me.
Nikita: just lost to a team of 3 Genji
Nikita: fml
Nikita: what the fuck do you if they ult at the same time
Nikita: besides cry in a fetal position
Alexander: Use your Zenyatta ult. If they stagger them, then you're screwed.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/YKDAs2v.mp4
Alexander: https://twitter.com/Natsumi_Imouto/status/764874956656242689
Matt: Is me but also boys
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/kQ5ZvHe.mp4
Nikita: tag that shit jesus christ
Liam: warning: extremely japanese
Matt: Is me
Harley: http://i.imgur.com/euoUq9N.jpg
Nikita: I feel like this one is posted every week
Harley: indeed, but thats the nicest looking one ive seen
Nikita: got a Glorious Nippon Genji skin
Nikita: olympic even can end now
Alexander: I have 0 Olympic skins.
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/Dl1WEiJ.png
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/VgNv2w4.png
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/dEyOtVN.png
Matteo: Ok I'm not english enough so I'll need help on this grammar:
Matteo: Is the expression "you may of done" and similar some particular figure of speech that means something that's not "you may have done", or is it just people being fucking dumb?
Matteo: SEE
Mymla: it's pretty much just people being fucking dumb
Matteo: Raidbot never lets the guard down when I post
Mymla: or if you want to be generous
Mymla: it's language evolving!
Matteo: My food is evolving too when I drop it in the toilet bowl later
Erika: People literally just think it's "of" instead of "have" because it kinda sounds like it
Erika: Ec cetera
Mymla: yeah it's probably just people hearing "would've" and thinking it's supposed to be "would of"
Mymla: and then applying it to other things
Mymla: education is broken
Matteo: I don't mind streamlining language to clean up all the old pointless form shit
Matteo: But when you use one word that means a thing instead of another that means another thing just because they almost sound alike
Matteo: Fucking youngsters
Velcio: Are native speakers seriously this dumb?
Mymla: the ones that are too cool for school are
Erika: Yes
Erika: When English is your first language, it changes your perspective on how important learning languages is
Erika: Or isn't in their case
Erika: That's why you fuckers are all so great at English
Mymla: I'm so great at english because I played a lot of video games
Erika: You actually learn it instead of just osmosis and flunking English lessons
Erika: The first link
Matt: Picking folks up on grammar is generally pretty discriminatory? It's a sorta shitty thing to do
Matt: Insisting on solid queen's English utterly ignores dialects etc
Matt: And being a dick about grammar is a shitty thing to do?
Harley: Yep
Harley: although being a helpful dick about grammar is nice
Matt: (I say that as a reformed grammar nazi)
Alexander: Are you against calling people wrong when they do something wrong?
Harley: Negative.
Harley: Im against people "helping" when all they are doing is getting their rocks of on being an ass
Matt: I'm against enforcing a privileged version of "wrong"
Matt: Like, grammar is subjective af? It works super differently in different languages and is arbitrary
Mymla: let's just not have language rules
Mymla: just write what you think looks neat
Matt: Let's face it it's also an excuse for folks to sneer based on class
Matt: If you manage to convey meaning then yes that's a good idea?
Mymla: it's a passable idea
Mymla: but it's not a good one
Harley: How about, dont be an ass about helping others out with corrections?
Matt: Hell, don't help folks unless they ask for it or it's your job?
Matt: Or I guess if you've offered and they've said yes?
Mymla: nobody's offered to help anyone though
Harley: I disagree with you there matt, but its complicated to correct someone on the internet without it being easily misleading.
Harley: Easier to say be kind about it and if someone draws offense, dont get mad at them, just dont help them in the future.
Harley: If i help someone out by politely correcting them today, they might avoid having some bellend give them shit tomorrow
Matt: Thing is, I highly doubt anyone has perfect grammar all the time
Matt: I sure as shit don't and I know my gtamm
Matt: Grammar*
Matt: Because it's often easier to communicate with a cut down version of the language
Mymla: so if I see someone fall gut first into a pool from a trampoline
Mymla: I'm only allowed to laugh at them if I'm an olympic diver?
Matt: Yes because that's directly comparable to correcting folks grammar :v
Matt: Don't argue in bad faith yeah? Obvious exceptions are obvious
Matteo: I already have trouble understanding language on my own without having to rebuild their social and geographical background to check for potential variants on words
Matteo: It would be great to generally have every word mean a thing, with given exceptions
Mymla: I'm allowed to get annoyed at bad grammar, and to correct it, without having perfect grammar myself
Matteo: And if I correct someone it's because of that, not to shit on them because they're poor or I'm smart
Matteo: If they get offended because they think I think they're poor or I'm smart, well, fuck it
Matt: Ehhhhh there's a difference between "sorry, do you mean <blah>" and "hurr it's you're"
Matt: The former is for clarity, the latter is not
Matteo: Thing is it's always read as "hurr" so I may as well stop trying
Mymla: "sorry do you mean" sounds condescending as fuck actually
Matt: Context innit
Matteo: No, there's literally no hope, the only situation in which I can correct someone's grammar is probably with my few very close friends
Matt: Why do you need to?!
Matt: You understand what they're saying!!
Harley: because i'd rather politely correct a friend then leave them to the tender mercies of some fuck-o down the road.
Matteo: Not always
Mymla: here's the secret though
Mymla: I don't correct anyone's grammar
Mymla: but I still get annoyed when people consistently use bad grammar
Matteo: I do but it's pretty rare
Harley: I dont because im always wrong.
Matteo: And I only do it in cases where it's in their best interest, like in a work environment where I'm laughing at their error (and surprisingly enough they're laughing with me, people can even do that) but someone else reading their thing might not have a good reaction
Harley: yeah, it kinda does depend on who's being corrected and the corrector too.
Matteo: Not everyone saying "you're wrong" means "you are human garbage and are beneath me"
Mymla: I do
Harley: Yes well, you're a fuck-o.
Mymla: you're wrong
Harley: No you.
Matt: Your a dick
Matteo: you're grammer is shit
Matt: You're grammer ARE shit
Harley: witch one?
Mymla: you're waifu is a shit
Matteo: cuz ur beneth me
Matt: My waifu are the bestest
Mymla: mine waifu*
Matteo: Thine waifu
Mymla: thine waifu doth sucketh
Harley: Methinks thine waifu doth protest too much.
Matt: I think the worst is that the ones who hide behind language evolution to be dicks with slurs are often the ones being pedants about grammar
Mymla: um excuse me but nigger is not a slur because racism is over
Matteo: furthermore
Matt: http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/international/mission%20accomplished%20banner%2023423423.jpg
Liam: http://bunnyfood.tumblr.com/image/148982156039
Liam: https://twitter.com/BadMiiversePost/status/765243228786483201
Nikita: Me too
Erika: raidbot is a real hedgehog
Matteo: I wish I had a hedgehog roaming the garden
Matteo: They're cute and they eat insect assholes
Liam: they eat the whole insect, not just the asshole
Matteo: Well you don't know where they start from
Liam: true
Liam: https://twitter.com/Britbongreturns/status/765190830894317568
Matteo: Maybe when they're done with that part they go "eh, might as well" because they're ecologically minded cute animals and they don't want to waste
Liam: i used to walk home at like 1am from work and would see hedgehogs wandering around
Mymla: did you pet them and feed them cat treats?
Matteo: They don't have much luck on roads
Liam: nah they looked grumpy and i dont tend to carry cat treats on me
Erika: hahaha
Nikita: how dare they insult this majestic creature
Alexander: https://twitter.com/softt_and_wett/status/758291428904665089
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10JDQhnaP2o
Liam: http://deadspin.com/out-of-control-garbage-fire-reportedly-sets-olympic-mou-1785324276?utm_campaign=socialflow_deadspin_facebook&utm_source=deadspin_facebook&utm_medium=socialflow
Liam: ah, rio
Mymla: so is rio now banned from ever hosting the olympics again?
Liam: uggggggh there's a bad connection between my ssd and my motherboard and i'm hoping to god it's the sata cable
Matt: https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/08/16/overwatch-season-2/
Matt: rip sudden death, you were always worse than stopwatch mode and now you're gone
Nikita: Zarya, Zenyatta, McCree, Genji team
Nikita: im out
Matt: I don't quite understand the issue w/ Zarya/Zen
Nikita: Zarya is strong in general
Nikita: as a Reaper/Genji player I hate Zen's ult
Nikita: right now it feels like a tf2 uber for the whole team
Velcio: I haven't played o Overwatch during the summer games event at all..
Velcio: Never see my friends playing when I think about doing it myself
Matt: I've played a little bit but not much
Mymla: I've been playing cool games like dishonored and darkest dungeon
Mymla: none of them gross anime games like overwatch
Alexander: Games are for nerds.
Matt: ff15 may be good?????? http://www.videogamer.com/ps4/final_fantasy_15/preview-4020.html
Liam: duh
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cp_YSpiWIAAL0gc.jpg:large
Nikita: hot fashion from Noctis
Nikita: he looks like a jprg character trying to blend in with normal humans
Nikita: which is what it is I guess
Nikita: unrelated humble brag about how good I am at wasting moeny http://i.imgur.com/ITqhXTR.jpg
Liam: noice
Alexander: Are those books or disk cases?
Nikita: book ass books
Alexander: I don't usually involve books with my ass, admittedly.
Nikita: jojonium special release it's called I think?
Nikita: it's up to part 2 and vol 1 of Stardust Crusaders is out in November
Alexander: Neat.
Alexander: Did you get Phantom Blood too?
Nikita: not yet
Nikita: I like part 2 more so I decided to order that first
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGdHDzAaBTI
Harley: tldr; Give it a few patches.
Harley: also https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqh8tnHhIjg
Nikita: mornin'
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3xFKckFCGM
Nikita: about time
Erika: Oooh
Nikita: looks neat and cool
Matt: map is cool as fuck but looks quite pokey
Nikita: it kinda looks bigger than other maps
Nikita: also if I had to guess its the oppostite of King's Row (escort/assault isntead of assault/escort)
Erika: Yeah that's what I thought
Erika: Looks really pretty
Matt: idk, some of those streets/corridors look quite small but hey, there's no real sense of scale :V
Matt: and yeah I also thought it looked like esc/ass
Nikita: yeah it very hard to tell with overwatch maps
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/reMJsvM.jpg
Erika: Sick
Nikita: Dark Souls 3 DLC went in some interesting directions
Matt: only 2 days left on Season 1 in overwatch
Matt: trying to decide if I should push on or accept my 42 :P
Nikita: https://twitter.com/xmeetsdarksouls/status/765611974906359808
Harley: oh that twitter account is magical
Liam: https://65.media.tumblr.com/de98b661d4af3906fcfc1604c1aa26ab/tumblr_o7108w8LXo1uecmi1o1_1280.jpg
Liam: https://twitter.com/osfope/status/765631807308038145
Matt: FAKER? YOU'RE THE FAKER
Nikita: beat Dishonored DLC for the first time, super good
Nikita: i'm glad Thief's weird occult shit lives on in Dishonored
Nikita: always loved that about thief, the Builder and Trickster(?) shit
Mymla: looking forward to dishonored 2
Mymla: but I don't think I can be bothered with dlc
Nikita: its fairly short
Nikita: esp if you're not me
Nikita: Alex Jones trying out for final boss voice acting role in a jrpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh61csymDLs
Mymla: I have several questions
Liam: https://twitter.com/Zee_IV/status/765602552658456576
Velcio: Why am I watching a Japanese drama about a lingerie studio?
Mymla: you have reached a new level of weeb
Velcio: I feel like my manliness is in dire straits
Velcio: Fashion show felt more anxiety inducing than the red wedding
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/lLV10qA.jpg
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/Sr7AYYP.jpg
Matteo: 4th ed template, CASUAL spotted
Nikita: http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/08/17/gamescom-2016-konami-announces-metal-gear-survive
Nikita: lmao
Alexander: Zombie stealth survival action coop. Or how Konami tried to mash together as many recently popular concepts as possible.
Nikita: they forgot crafting but maybe thats implied with survival
Alexander: Gotta do something with what you salvage.
Liam: haha, oh dear
Harley: oh wow.
Alexander: At least it's not pachinko?
Matteo: I like survival zombie crafting stuff!
Matteo: It's just that there's so much trash in the genre it's automatically a warning sign
Mymla: tbh I could get behind that
Mymla: maybe
Mymla: depends on how it's written
Nikita: Wave 11
!BOSS BATTLE!

Metal Gear NUKESAREBAD Mk. I
Liam: wow the new nvidia driver is shit
Liam: chugging everywhere
Nikita: instead of fixing No Man's Sky its bringing the No Man's Sky experience to other games
Erika: Haha
Alexander: But does it make NMS run even worse?
Nikita: no it makes it run like everything else
Alexander: Magic!
Nikita: oh goddamn
Nikita: Nier Automata is coming to Steam
Nikita: guess I dont need a ps4 after all
Nikita: https://twitter.com/RPGSite/status/765906096716410880
Matteo: The reign of consoles is over
Matteo: All hail our new dark lord Gaben
Nikita: I wish I had the full announcement video
Nikita: Yoko Taro is a treasure
Velcio: But will the first Nier come to PC?
Velcio: It's one of those games I'm legitimately sad for not playing because it's a console exclusive
Liam: in terms of gameplay the first one is pretty average
Liam: it's like spec ops the line, fairly middling game with amazing story
Liam: https://twitter.com/Cool3DWorld/status/765935857954152448
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ElEieNSd28
Erika: https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/blog/20243886#patchnotes
Erika: https://i.gyazo.com/2aa51da63a6da32e941134834673b782.gif
Erika: <3
Erika: they did it
Alexander: Are those Doritos I see in the cockpit?
Erika: doritos & dew
Mymla: lmao they buffed mercy's healing
Mymla: because it clearly wasn't strong enough
Alexander: She probably turned out to be underused after the addition of Ana and Zenyatta buffs.
Alexander: I'm 100% okay with Mercy buffs though.
Erika: same
Matt: welp looks like I'm starting in Gold :v
Alexander: If I don't start in Bronze I'm going to be mad.
Mymla: I want them to remove mercy from the game tbh
Matt: I believe your new skill rating will be current skill rating * 50
Nikita: considering that Mercy has to focus one on person when healing it better be stronger than fucking Zenyatta who can dump an orb and spam discord
Matt: yesssss Mei buff
Alexander: According to that, I'd be starting in Gold too.
Alexander: That's fucked up.
Alexander: Mid 40 is not gold-tier.
Alexander: Unless there are lots of people with way less.
Nikita: i'm Platinum whatdup
Matt: 0-30 bronze, 30-40 silver, 40-50 gold, 50-60 plat, 60-70 diamond, 70-80 master, 80+ gm
Matt: I'm pretty sure thats the case anyway, I think it was in the dev video
Alexander: I kinda stopped playing competitive after the shiny new wore off.
Mymla: I kinda stopped playing overwatch after the shiny new wore off
Matt: I play it in drips and drabs
Mymla: I guess mostly because, much like TF2, it's not great on your own
Matt: also get fucked Genji
Nikita: did they sersiously buff Hanzo
Mymla: tbh I don't see why they're nerfing a hero that needs such good play to be effective
Mymla: ~esports~ I guess
Matt: yep most of these changes are esports
Matt: see also: removing the first point of Gibraltar
Matt: which may as well have not been there in comp
Matt: well, in pro at the very least
Mymla: I guess the good thing about overwatch is that maybe now blizzard will stop pretending wow arenas is an esport?
Matt: wow arena is so fucking dull holy shit
Matt: and I will watch nearly anything
Mymla: I've watched hearthstone tournaments
Mymla: and they're infinitely more fun than arenas
Matt: yep, I mean I play and judge MTG and watch MTG tournaments
Mymla: well
Mymla: you have issues
Matt: I'll watch competitive Hearthstone, OW, DOTA, TF2, League, CSGO
Mymla: CSGO is very fun to watch, though
Matt: just cant get into WoW even though I played it for years
Matt: yeah CSGO is excellent
Mymla: I'm not too fond of hearthstone though
Nikita: better not be talking about Genji
Mymla: because it kinda feels like it's less a game of skill with an element of luck
Mymla: than a game of luck with an element of skill
Matt: I mean idk I play poker so w/e
Mymla: at least in poker, you can not gamble on a bad hand
Mymla: in hearthstone, if you get dealt a bad hand, you lose
Matt: yeah, it's basically all decided in your mulligan
Mymla: heavy control decks aren't decided by mulligan
Mymla: and control vs control is kinda fun to watch I guess?
Matt: unnnnnnf all the comments on the PTR notes are moaning about genji nerf
Matt: cmon baby keep whining
Matt: thats the way I like it
Matt: delicious salt
Matt: (fuck genji pickers)
Mymla: genji is fun
Nikita: my honorable hanzo steel
Matteo: I watched WoW arena matches while I was actively playing wow arenas
Matteo: And couldn't understand what the fuck
Matteo: They were interesting enough to watch with post editing and explanations, if you were into it
Matteo: But during a 1 second gcd 3 on 3 match with skills that all look identical it's insane
Mymla: the UI doesn't exactly make it better
Matteo: Considering official matches had to be on the official addon-less ui, yeah
Matteo: I feel even FFXIV feast is kind of unwatchable from outside, and it's much slower paced with very clear graphic effects
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CqFUzyzXEAAeed5.jpg:large
Nikita: nice squat
Mymla: russian reaper?
Nikita: cyka
Nikita: https://twitter.com/Malkythera/status/765997413157003266
Nikita: cannot confirm nor deny this
Mymla: oh my god I hope so
Matt: there's a video with proof
Nikita: Genji's laugh is the weebiest thing
Harley: https://66.media.tumblr.com/465ce8490f1125c36ef546c35c048a17/tumblr_oarzshVeTW1vza2rwo1_400.gif
Nikita: https://twitter.com/XANDERCAGEVEVO/status/765991541798154240
Nikita: https://twitter.com/dathrasi/status/764603826972143616
Harley: https://twitter.com/towelthetank/status/766009793907716096
Nikita: thats an awful logo
Harley: it is blurr-o-vision
Harley: http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2016/august/kara08.jpg
Nikita: still awful
Harley: Eh. It's Mediev stylised as a logo
Nikita: https://twitter.com/flamehyenard/status/765711561117663232
Mymla: nice
Liam: http://www.avclub.com/article/adam-west-and-burt-ward-camp-it-trailer-animated-b-241274
Liam: it will be better than suicide squad
Nikita: that dont take much
Nikita: Apparently Hanzo's telephone poles are back too so yay
Nikita: Now weebs will go back to Hanzo now that Genji is nerfed
Harley: https://twitter.com/HIDEO__KOJIMA_/status/766029309555445760
Erika: Nice
Alexander: Good old Kojima.
Erika: Ahahaha
Nikita: Hate to be that guy but I hope you know that's a parody account
Alexander: I didn't realise at first, but after I saw a couple of the other tweets posted it became obvious.
Erika: Somebody tapped directly onto his conscious
Alexander: It's a bot that's interfacing with his nanomachines.
Nikita: I visited the SA Overwatch thread and now I know why the chill thread exists
Matteo: "Alternatives for a lower price could be a paper cup with a string sticking out of the bottom, that you coil around your neck and pull you disgusting poor"
Mymla: I'm using this. It's good.
Mymla: https://www.amazon.co.uk/Logitech-G35-Surround-Sound-Headset/dp/B00CJ5FPSQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1471511202&sr=8-1&keywords=logitech+g35
Matteo: It'll last for another month
Matteo: Worth it
Mymla: you already sound like shit on discord
Mymla: steelseries is also good
Mymla: same
Mymla: I bought these... a year and a half ago?
Mymla: so even if they were to break right now
Nikita: I should also buy a proper headset that has normal human volume settings and doesn't have a blinking light that will one day drive me insane at night
Mymla: ...don't sleep with your headset?
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/MiqqFra.jpg
Mymla: turn off your pc at night?
Mymla: don't use floppy disks in TYOOL 2016 jesus christ
Nikita: Who the fuck sleeps at night
Liam: i do now
Liam: it's amazing how much daytime there is
Nikita: It's prime hardcore gaming time
Alexander: The problem with floppy disks is you get maybe 1 high res picture per disk. Maybe.
Nikita: In 2004 yes
Mymla: http://satwcomic.com/art/alt/it-s-all-greek-to-me-art.png
Matteo: I don't think you'd get many cumshots per floppy disk
Matteo: Unless they were 10kb jpgs
Mymla: this picture confirms that chinese is objectively the most bullshit language
Alexander: We should all just learn Heavenly Script.
Nikita: Is that a Kabbalah thing?
Nikita: If so then I pledge my allegiance  to Ein Sof or whatever
Mymla: ein sof sounds like a ffxiv dragon
Nikita: Sefirot's ultimate is Ein Sof Ohr actually
Nikita: So you're close
Matteo: Ein sof was one of the attacks during the fight
Matteo: Maybe the smaller green balls?
Mymla: kinda want to do sephirot ex
Mymla: was a really fun fight on normal
Matteo: It's not one of my favourite on ex
Matteo: Or I'm just mad I didn't clear it
Matteo: But I didn't clear Thordan ex either and I think it's one of the best fights in the game
Mymla: thordan ex has a recurring problem with ffxiv raid encounters
Mymla: in that the first 10 minutes of the fight are hilariously easy
Mymla: and then every mechanic happens in the last 3 minutes
Matteo: http://imgur.com/a/EeBaN
Mymla: same
Matteo: They're almost all like that though
Mymla: Please note that WinRAR is not free software. After a 40 day trial period you must either buy a licence or remove it from your computer.
Mymla: gee I just need a little bit more time to evaluate your software before I make my purchase, ok?
Matteo: Thordan is just great for visuals, sound and choreography
Nikita: Sephirot ex front loads some shit iirc
Mymla: a1s/a5s aren't too backloaded
Mymla: bisex isn't too backloaded
Mymla: ravex... kind of is?
Matteo: A5s has a very finicky thing to do at the end
Mymla: what, the caster limit break on the adds?
Matteo: That and manipulating threat to make the adds go in the right place
Mymla: "have a healer cast medica 2 and also have the BLM push a button" isn't really my definition of "finicky" tbh
Matteo: It's easy enough once you do it once or twice, but it's quite unrecoverable
Matteo: The second set of adds needs direct heals on the offtank
Matteo: As the healer is out of range
Nikita: I'm excited for 3.4
Matteo: Nothing too bad, but it's still over instantly if it's not done in time
Matteo: While you can recover from shitty deaths here and there during the fight
Nikita: I want to see a new Triad and the end of Alexander more than I wanted to see Mhach
Matteo: Still trying to find a pair of headphones that doesn't have a dealbreaking clause
Nikita: My biggest ff14 regret Is that I didn't grind Aether Oil when  people actually did ct
Matteo: "Yeah these sound great and are comfortable! The microphone will make you sound like you're talking from a toilet bowl though"
Matteo: "Great quality in everything! They weigh 5kg and you have to remove them every 10 minutes or your spine will snap"
Matteo: Also what the fuck open headphones
Matteo: I really want everyone around to hear welsh raid callouts
Nikita: Or be That Guy on the bus
Mymla: people still do CT
Mymla: buy the ones I linked, they're fine
Liam: yeah i got it not so long ago
Liam: also i have shin splints now, great
Matteo: Logitech g35 seem good enough but the main complaint is comfort for many reviews
Liam: behold: the greatest comic ever drawn http://threewordphrase.com/kong.gif
Mymla: most comfortable headset I've worn tbh
Matteo: But you're a viking irl
Mymla: that's racist
Nikita: 8m vikingkin
Matteo: I'm a warm climate wuss who's afraid the headset will irritate his sensitive ear skin
Nikita: My spirit came from vallhalla and I'm trapped in this mortal body
Nikita: Which makes me einherjar kin rather than viking I guess
Nikita: I'm really tempted to get the headset you linked
Nikita: Half price of how much they cost here is a solid deal
Matteo: I'm considering these
Matteo: https://www.amazon.co.uk/HyperX-Cloud-Gaming-Headset-Mobile/dp/B00JJNQG98/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1471517200&sr=8-1&keywords=kingston+hyperx+cloud
Erika: https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/B00JJNQG98/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1471517195&sr=8-2&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=cloud+headset this is mine
Erika: and they're good
Erika: oh, literally the same one you just linked lol
Matteo: Yeah, other color but the same
Erika: very comfy and you've heard me use the mic so you know how clear it is
Matteo: The next thing up would be some decent headphones with a microphone bought separately, but they're mostly open headphones and I don't ever want those
Nikita: Stand alone microphones are usually pretty shit unless you get one of those Lp Superstars use
Matt: I mean yeah just get a Blue
Matt: I have one and it's probably too good?
Nikita: It better be for how much they cost
Matt: to be fair, I do also use mine for musicy stuff
Matt: its a nice price point between shite and proper condenser mics
Matteo: It would just mean getting a pair of higher quality headphones, a microphone to tag on them would be better than the pieces of shit you find on headsets in any case
Matteo: So fuck it, got the cloud II
Erika: Nice
Erika: Went and got some sushi for lunch, livin' it up
Erika: Came back to find hundreds of smartly dressed people milling around, fire alarm went off in my building
Erika: Some went to the park like me
Liam: are you establishing an alibi here
Erika: N-no your honour
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKo6sw_NH8w
Erika: Hahaha yes
Mymla: http://imgur.com/gallery/8fAPj
Mymla: thebasicsofcqc.gif
Mymla: http://imgur.com/gallery/fkmrcSB
Matt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to8yh83jlXg
Liam: that's very good
Erika: Aaaawwwwwwww
Erika: That was so good
Erika: I'm tearing up
Liam: bastion is my fave overwatch character
Matt: man an Overwatch movie is a slam dunk by this point surely
Mymla: today I watched a 7 minute pixar movie
Harley: https://i.gyazo.com/2aa51da63a6da32e941134834673b782.gif
Harley: you linked this here the other day
Erika: My brain twinged when I saw the bastion setting up sentry form out in the open
Harley: but i just realised
Erika: But yeah same
Harley: Shes streaming.
Harley: Shes fucking streaming, you can see the chat on the left side (her right), theres even kappas!
Mymla: she's streaming lost viking
Erika: Haha oh yeah
Harley: Guys
Harley: I think 2016 just redeemed itself
Mymla: this forgives president trump?
Nikita: don't forget that its canon that D.Va is streaming war
Nikita: I think it says something like that in her bio
Harley: Well that video was just too cute.
Nikita: "If somebody donates 50k ill execute a hostage!"
Harley: also there in germany apparently.
Harley: for Last Bastion
Nikita: well duh its the new map
Harley: It was also on their armour :p
Liam: i showed my mum the last bastion and she thought it was very nice
Nikita: ok the short itself there but the new map has a bunch of dead bastions so I just assumed
Nikita: didnt care much for it by the way probably because I have a heart of ice and blizzard's writing sucks
Nikita: hot take: replace Bastion with the bird
Erika: https://www.twitch.tv/a_seagull this guy taking care of shit as hanzo
Erika: his last placement match in the PTR
Nikita: first round of Overwatch today and already three people with golden guns
Liam: how about we replace you with the bird
Alexander: Seagull plays Overwatch professionally. I saw him hauling ass as Pharah in a tournament.
Nikita: im pretty sure he gots posted at least once a month around here
Velcio: http://www.modmic.com/
Velcio: What Erika linked is pretty decent budget choice
Velcio: The same headphone model has been rebranded at least three times
Velcio: Kingston did sone with a microphone
Velcio: http://www.head-fi.org/products/takstar-pro-80
Velcio: They're decent but not mindblowing
Velcio: Like, competent, the enclosure might be too small for some ears
Nikita: https://twitter.com/OverwatchTXT/status/766368664614477824?s=09
Nikita: Not much of a surprise but dang
Mymla: is that a picture for ants
Mymla: https://twitter.com/OverwatchTXT/status/766336253117751296
Mymla: ayy
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CqKwWfOWgAEvmvZ.jpg:large
Nikita: I'm on the phone bear with me
Mymla: https://twitter.com/OverwatchTXT/status/760213262826934273
Mymla: https://twitter.com/OverwatchTXT/status/759215371895332864
Mymla: what the fuck
Erika: hahahaha
Erika: https://gfycat.com/SecondLegalCobra
Mymla: pretty accurate
Liam: just saw the bfg because star trek was sold out and fuck suicide squad
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CnqyMCZWgAIV7hd.jpg:large
Mymla: me irl
Liam: https://66.media.tumblr.com/92f3f5c7d4ba0dea394cd8f9632ff4a1/tumblr_oc49z4NYun1rsrl5qo1_1280.gif
Mymla: reinhardt can't protect all of them :(
Nikita: I wonder what would they even do for the Reaper animated short
Nikita: A Slipknot music video?
Nikita: CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES
"Fuck you Morrison I hate Overwatch it's not like I wanted the shitty position you stole from me."
THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
SUFFOCATION NO B
The End
Alexander: https://twitter.com/On_TheBounce/status/766471623633272832
Erika: Started getting caught up on mr robot s2, it's rather quite good
Erika: I'd remembered it as a middling-to-good drama with the bonus of Real Ass Unix being a part of it, this season seems really well filmed and a lot more surreal
Alexander: Ass Unix sounds awful.
Alexander: Is it for connecting your butt to the Internet of Things?
Matteo: Not as much as ass python
Erika: https://twitter.com/mewibos/status/766465116091060224
Erika: peak catte
Nikita: I have way too much stuff to get through before I start on S2
Nikita: 6 whole episodes of Stranger Things !!!
Nikita: But its good to hear that it's more focused on the surreal shit
Nikita: Because it's definitely the part I liked the most in S1
Matteo: This is the first time in years I don't have to keep windows volume at max to hear anything
Matteo: (Headset came in)
Liam: mankind divided seems to be reviewing well
Nikita: Gotta stay away from reviews till Tuesday
Nikita: I don't even want to watch the release trailer
Liam: i'm going to have to replay human revolution
Mymla: I'm going to have to read a plot summary of HR
Nikita: Oh good my twitter time line is already flooded
Nikita: DX youtube account released a catch up video of some sort
Mymla: cool
Nikita: Now that I think about it the only thing I don't want spoiled is cool setpieces
Nikita: The story can be whatever as long as I get to see cool locations
Nikita: Panchea and everything connected with it story wise in HR was dumb but I loved it
Nikita: Fuck it, I read Jeff Gerstmann's review
Alexander: I didn't realise the new Jew Sex was out so soon.
Nikita: A bit bummed that it's mostly in Prague
Mymla: Due Sex
Nikita: But on the other hand you don't get much European cyberpunk
Mymla: shadowrun dragonfall was good
Mymla: I wish harebrained were doing another shadorun thing instead of some stupid mechwarrior thing
Alexander: I still need to play that.
Nikita: Dragonfall is really good
Mymla: hong kong is also really good
Matteo: Wait what
Matteo: Why isn't anima just 2 full stats
Matteo: Or is only det that's 5 lower
Mymla: because apparently 120 det is just too much
Matteo: Then make it 74 sands
Mymla: 115 is fine, but if you could have 5 more that'd just trivialize all content
Matteo: Because hail satan
Mymla: no
Mymla: you still need all sands
Mymla: you put the last 5 points in skill speed
Alexander: Winners don't use det.
Mymla: winners put accuracy and piety in their relic
Matteo: I mean I thought I was done at 73 by scraping by and soloing Bune in 15 minutes
Matteo: But no, 3 points to go
Alexander: I'm a half winner. Putting acc and crit in it.
Mymla: max parry
Mymla: helps with the single drill on a6s
Alexander: Just need to grind more esos...
Matteo: Can you even parry the drill?
Mymla: probably
Matteo: That is very unscientific
Mymla: you can parry  the a1s drop thing
Matteo: And you can parry T9's jumps
Alexander: Parry is too OP.
Mymla: yeah
Mymla: the parry changes they're talking about are actually nerfs to parry
Matteo: Was it for 2.4 they intended to rework it?
Matteo: If so I'm just in time having loaded the anima with crit / det and those topical 5 SS
Matteo: Watch them make it like wow's reckoning 1.0
Alexander: Which relic is it?
Matteo: The one on the job I don't have a use for now obviously
Matteo: War
Mymla: also the job with the shittiest glam
Matteo: All anima axe steps look like shit
Matteo: I kept it perma glamoured
Nikita: Not according to my scientific documentary Metal Gear Rising
Alexander: My anima is a book.
Nikita: It's called manga, DAD!
Liam: it's a GRAPHIC NOVEL
Alexander: Now now kids, you settle down with that Japanimation fixation.
Liam: i remember why i stopped my replay of human revolution now
Liam: the ui is tiny at high resolutions
Nikita: Isn't there an option for scale?
Liam: not that i can see
Nikita: Or maybe I'm thinking of the original.
Velcio: So I'm watching Olympics for the first time this time
Velcio: For badminton
Velcio: And the commentator says "Zhang here does a mistake, his hobby is watching anime."
Velcio: "Meaning cartoons"
Velcio: I'm just "Uhh...what...really?"
Velcio: On the anime part specifically
Alexander: Anime does a mistake.
Velcio: I tried googling zhang badminton anime
Velcio: With little to no results
Alexander: Zhang is a pretty common Chinese surname.
Velcio: <insert a Chinese surname here> is a pretty common Chinese surname.
Erika: .
Erika: https://twitter.com/owcentral/status/766570599019937792
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/31IE0Kh.jpg
Mymla: I always do homework the day I get it
Mymla: because I'm not a piece of shit
Alexander: I did my homework around the midpoint between assignment and due date.
Alexander: I'm still a piece of shit.
Liam: anyone who does their homework as soon as they get it is an emotionless machine
Erika: That picture is absolutely 100% me irl
Mymla: I'm an emotionless machine
Mymla: I also don't like having homework hanging over my head
Mymla: I actually think I annoyed a few of my teachers a bit
Mymla: "oh yeah I finished that writing assignment you gave us an hour ago"
Mymla: "fuck off kid I wasn't expecting having to grade any of those for at least another week"
Erika: I think you may end up ruling Sweden if not the world
Mymla: I will end up ruling eorzea
Mymla: if not hydaelyn
Erika: Looking forward to her next expansion http://i.imgur.com/80AUW73.jpg
Mymla: MNK, CUL, BSM, SCH, GLA, MCH
Erika: Sick glamour
Matteo: I don't do homework lately, and I am a piece of shit
Alexander: https://twitter.com/HIDEO__KOJIMA_/status/766362109135425538
Erika: alright it's friday evening and I'm gonna get Doom and play the hell out of it! OH HEY, 60GB DOWNLOAD
Liam: welcome to 2016
Mymla: is that a real konami account or a real kojima account?
Alexander: I doubt it.
Alexander: After a year of sleeping on the floor I actually have a bed.
Nikita: fucked up
Erika: ^
Alexander: Sleeping on the floor is or getting a bed is?
Mymla: the fact that you have a bed while millions of children starve
Mymla: sell your bed, donate to charity
Nikita: eat dirt
Nikita: Overwatch patch cannot come fast enough
Erika: https://twitter.com/almightyboob/status/766872103354105857
Harley: :3 So good.
Liam: the new prey looks pretty good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpQVlMvhKcs
Nikita: I have become coffee cup, the ultimate organism
Nikita: and people calling Prey Bioshock in space is giving me life
Liam: it's also made by arkane so, pretty safe hands there
Nikita: Dishonored 2 looks pretty good too
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41NgZ-K-5Ag
Nikita: very Thief 2 vibe with all the robots
Liam: i'm glad arkane are doing well
Liam: they are good devs
Erika: I had a lot of fun playing doom last night too
Erika: It's easy on he default difficulty though, I've been minmaxing ammo as I don't feel like I need any more health
Erika: https://twitter.com/crucifalex/status/766496820734283777
Alexander: I don't get it.
Alexander: Why is that dog eating paper?
Nikita: because its a good pupper
Erika: click the tweet
Erika: telegram only pulls one pics when there's multiple
Erika: pic
Mymla: http://imgur.com/gallery/PLXoF
Mymla: I like that these people now live in america
Mymla: what I don't like is that they have more nukes than us
Alexander: Women and gay people, top tier threats to national security. Thanks Trump!
Mymla: them gays making straight marriage illegal
Mymla: I've had to change my gender three times so far
Matteo: At least no matter what these nutjobs say gay marriage is legal in g8 countriesW
Matteo: Wait a minute...
Matteo: Nevermind
Nikita: did you know that the only legit reason Russia hates gays is that the majority still thinks that its more or less same as pedophilia?
Mymla: well, it's illegal to tell them otherwise, so
Nikita: the anti gay propaganda law was pushed under the umbrella of PROTECT ARE CHILD
Nikita: and the orthodox church still holds quite a bit of power in the country I guess
Mymla: please separate church and state
Nikita: I would not be surprised of Putin was elected by chruch going grandmas
Nikita: a music festival that now happens in Latvia was driven out of Russia because the church complained about SATAN MUSIC
Nikita: like Panic ! At the Disco
Mymla: lmao
Harley: same but in england (until it stopped being the same)
Matt: Whee section 28
Matteo: No
Mymla: you're not allowed opinions on this matter, popeland
Matteo: Who will save your sorry sinner's ass when the day of judgement comes?
Mymla: satan
Mymla: hail satan
Matteo: Due to the new headset I'm hearing instrument tracks on ffxiv music I never knew existed
Matteo: And I've heard this stuff for years
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/ZHZirN7.gif
Mymla: well done steve
Nikita: Well done croc imo
Erika: hail satan
Matt: hail santa
Nikita: Slava satane
Alexander: hail stan
Erika: hail raidbot
Harley: heil raidbot
Erika: yeasts
Harley: love that image so much
Nikita: I wish da share z0ne wrote Pitchfork reviews
Harley: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CqQF10hXgAIZFUX.jpg:large
Nikita: I fell down a minecraft hole again
Nikita: I love fucking around with the technic pack too much
Alexander: http://imgur.com/gallery/bvOXC
Harley: same but my own modpacks
Nikita: I'm not quite on that level yet
Nikita: I'm sure modding is a bit friendlier than it used to be but nah
Nikita: One weird thing I miss from older versions of Minecraft is the huge forest fires you could start
Nikita: Eternal forest fires even
Nikita: I'm only a bit of a pyro
Erika: lmao
Harley: Curse's client for minecraft is as easy as "i want that one", still need some understanding tho.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/NHAiCHO.jpg
Liam: https://twitter.com/sonicgamer666/status/767099670388543488
Harley: http://i.imgur.com/vFsUaDP.jpg
Liam: it's so cold and windy, it's like autumn has already hit
Matteo: We're probably getting past 30 today
Mymla: https://twitter.com/Chazz_Emokitty/status/767040775100203008
Erika: nice
Matt: It's really nice
Matt: So much more comfortable
Liam: playing through human revolution again, it occurs to me that i've completed every deus ex game and could not tell you what the hell is going on in any of them
Nikita: I can tell you what happens in the original Deus Ex
Nikita: infowars.com
Nikita: jokes aside DX1 was is fairly simple
Nikita: Bob Page head of MJ12, MJ12 is the badder part of Illuminati, Bob Page want to merge with AI and become technogod, kill Bob Page become technochrist, other endings not canon
Nikita: literally everyone but 2-3 people are part of the conspiracy
Nikita: Human Revolution is a bit more of a clusterfuck because its a prequel that doesnt want to go too far because you gotta milk the IP
Nikita: Adam may or may not be JC's Dad
Nikita: because his name is Adam do you get it?
Mymla: I don't
Nikita: you should read the bible its pretty obscure
Mymla: yeah there's an adam in the bible
Mymla: that is in no way related to any JC in the bible
Nikita: Adam's magic cells make nanoaugumentation possible
Nikita: i.e. he's the first
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7bmQKFEL6k
Alexander: "My vision is augmented."
Liam: is mankind divided out
Liam: havent paid full price for a non nintendo game for a while but i am tempted
Liam: i do like deus ex formula games
Liam: my first deus ex was the second one and i liked it a bunch even though fans don't really rate it
Nikita: It's tolerable if you don't have the internet shouting about pc master race and shitty console ports
Nikita: When I played it my mood was " it's weird but hey more Deus Ex !"
Nikita: "Holy shit is that JC"
Liam: i had it on xbox and had nevet heard of
Liam: it before
Nikita: Well that explains why you enjoyed it
Nikita: Your average deus ex fan is a pc master race man
Nikita: And deus ex 2 was a very straight console to pc port
Velcio: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ep_C0bFxuXw&feature=youtu.be
Alexander: I assume there's more to this than "laughing black guy" with context?
Nikita: You pay Tyrone and Tyrone reads whatever the fuck you want
Alexander: My first thought
Nikita: Eww
Nikita: Forgot to answer, it comes out on Tuesday at fuck if I know a.m.
Liam: persona q is good
Erika: https://twitter.com/ykarps/status/766426942736363521
Nikita: Anime is darkness
Nikita: Christ is light
Liam: and by christ, you mean sonic the hedgehog
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CqLjC1QWIAA6K2s.jpg
Liam: http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2016-08-22-japans-prime-minister-just-rocked-up-to-the-olympics-dressed-as-mario
Alexander: You can always rely on Japan.
Mymla: lmao
Mymla: is it 2020 yet?
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/x9PyAPZ.png
Alexander: Damn kids, get off Wikipedia!
Nikita: cannot wait for Tokyo Olympics where Hatsune Miku will light the torch
Mymla: I wonder if those cat books are any good
Mymla: I'm pretty surprised I only heard about them recently
Liam: the internet is for adults to argue over whether particular cartoons are offensive and to draw them naked
Mymla: sounds exactly like the kind of thing I would've read when I was a teen
Mymla: they didn't actually have any ffxiv information on gamescom, right?
Mymla: just like, live raids and stuff?
Liam: why does that catgirl have a tiara
Alexander: It's a magical radar antenna thing.
Matteo: She could use it to find her missing pants
Alexander: Strike Witches. Pants. Pick one.
Nikita: probably not if Live Letter is this friday
Liam: i bought human revolution
Liam: i'll stream it tomorrow
Nikita: im ready do conspiracy
Nikita: http://i.makeagif.com/media/8-22-2015/T_1-1L.gif
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUFVLJ6ASmU
Nikita: https://twitter.com/0101JE/status/767493202685202434
Erika: Nice
Erika: Man Sony must be dumping a truckful of money on kojima
Mymla: how so?
Nikita: Death Stranding will just be a 2 hour cgi movie of Kojima hanging out with his favourite actors
Alexander: If he can make something as successful as Metal Gear again, then it's probably worth it.
Liam: just had a customer come in, an old man, literally stooped over at 45 degrees
Liam: still walked fairly quick, just in an upside down L shape
Erika: Haha
Erika: Shop tetris
Liam: he sat down in his car and was normal
Alexander: So honorable he can't stop bowing.
Liam: just had a big and blatant fuel theft
Liam: pretty steamed now
Erika: it was me, austin
Erika: trying out the new overwatch map on the PTR
Alexander: Is that the Dark Souls map?
Erika: yeah
Velcio: Abe is a terrible, war crime apologist piece of shit.
Velcio: Just FYI
Liam: mario isnt tho
Velcio: Are you sure you've heard the story from the.. uhh.. koopa side?
Velcio: Also, raid static's leader is creating a new one next tier
Velcio: and I resubbed to WoW
Velcio: Not sure what to do
Velcio: Because I enjoy machinist so much and I'm excited how the next tier looks like
Velcio: But at least I have people I can call friends playing WoW and they actually socialize
Mymla: what does the next tier look like?
Velcio: Excited how it's going to look like, more like
Velcio: bad choice of words
Velcio: I'm intrigued, curious, because raid design was pretty ace this tie
Velcio: WoW's classes are so incredibly dumbed down right now o_O
Mymla: yeah
Mymla: going from dragoon to marksmanship hunter was pretty hilarious
Mymla: from a 25+ button rotation
Mymla: to literally 5
Velcio: If I could play carbon copy of MCH in WoW I'd probably switch in a heartbeat
Mymla: you don't have to switch though
Mymla: just play both
Mymla: like a normal person
Mymla: I'm sure investing all my savings will pay off in 10 years
Mymla: but right now all I'm saying is I've literally lost 500 swedish crowns
Mymla: for NOTHING
Velcio: hmmm?
Mymla: I bought some random investment funds for like 75k SEK
Mymla: like 2 weeks ago
Mymla: they've dropped on average 1%
Alexander: It's okay, I live in a country where our whole currency sank more than 1% and still hasn't recovered and interest has been halved while inflation is at a high.
Velcio: You mean 10%?
Alexander: I was using 1% as a comparison point to the 1% loss on investment funds.
Velcio: Ah kay
Alexander: Did I mention that prices on electronics and such are also rising due to the increased cost of importing them?
Velcio: You had nice rounding even before
Velcio: I mean, seen dollar -> pound conversion being out of whack, even with import costs
Alexander: It's pretty screwed.
Nikita: http://i.imgur.com/zbfoN9c.jpg
Nikita: rip me
Erika: That's bananas
Liam: b
Liam: a
Liam: n
Liam: a
Alexander: Gold healing done. What was your team doing?
Liam: n
Liam: a
Liam: s
Nikita: not picking healers or tanks despire being a premade
Erika: Yeah lol if you had a healer that did under 2k
Nikita: one of them suddenly posted an essay in german 75% through the match
Velcio: Me and another roadhog were #1 and #2 on healing one match
Velcio: we knew each other
Velcio: So we could make sure
Velcio: I am watching what is essentially a Japanese big brother (but better) on Netflix
Velcio: Not sure how pathetic
Alexander: Big Onii-san?
Velcio: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrace_House_(TV_series)
Min: Who are these lol
Jr: The fuck is this
Mashiro: i need to fix the roster
Jr: Mashi wtf r u doing
Min: Have we been replaced
Keira: HAHAHAHHAHA
Jr: Geez mashj
Mashiro: ; w ;
Mashiro: lemme fix
Jr: FUCKING threw us under the bus
Keira: Can we clear chat log? @mashiromashi
Mashiro: at least we can get the timers
Mashiro: oh sure Keira
Mashiro: we are so going to have fun with this
Mashiro: 2 moar
Matteo: Anime unid step got murdered
Matt: How badly murdered because this is good news for me
Nikita: I finished unid anime 3-4 weeks ago so I dont want to know
Erika: https://twitter.com/b_2_t_plus_rice/status/767979844474900483
Erika: Oh yeah
Erika: A gif absolutely does not do that new Dva emote justice
Erika: It's fucking glorious
Erika: Also good morning and all that
Matteo: It's at less than 1/4 length now
Matteo: Half unidentified items needed, slightly less than half the cost for each
Matt: Sweet
Matteo: Crafted items aren't anymore, you can buy them for company seals
Matteo: I mean they're still there and you can use them, and you don't need hq anymore
Matteo: It's easier getting a 240 weapon now though
Matteo: Midan gears limit of 1/week gone and you need 4 instead of 7 for a high capacity tomestone
Nikita: casualsss
Matteo: Turn a penny and farthing for a gobdip
Matteo: Yeah I've had enough of these welfare handouts, I'm unsubbing and voting Trump
Matt: So what, do a8s 4 times and get a top weapon?
Nikita: and 1k lore
Matteo: A8 normal
Matt: Sorry yes
Matt: This is earlier in the morning than I've seen in a while :p
Matteo: Problem with relic is the unidentified step takes it to 210, then the 5 aether oils are still pricey in eso
Matteo: If you haven't saved some from the weekly ct quest
Matteo: Eso that you still need a ton of for the next step
Matt: I mean I'll be honest, I'm not even on the unid step yet :p
Matteo: Even the earlier step is way faster now than the original version
Matteo: I literally soloed fates for 1-2 hours to make my second one
Matt: Yeah I've done the fates
Matteo: What hurts my butt is I didn't think they'd drop the midan gear limit until 2.4 so I didn't save some lore for a 240 weapon
Matteo: I'm stuck with the dumb rave sticks until next week
Matt: Unf just remembered I'm capped on GC seals
Matteo: You need 80k for a full set
Matteo: Easier to just spend gc seals for the francescas as they're the only expensive ones
Matteo: The others should be cheap as hell in mats, and might get even cheaper
Matt: yeah but at the same time I have literally nothing to spend GC seals on soooooo
Matt: (and I'm doing my crafting handins daily)
Matteo: Yeah, those tend to leave you with a few ten thousands to spare
Matt: bit of a shame that they havent lowered the moogle daily requirement for unid
Matteo: Moogles are still best spent on fiber probably, unless you don't know how to spend your money already
Matt: idk I've got like 8m?
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/w1VFfnJ.mp4
Matteo: Now having one unidentified a day for each of the other 2.x tribes pretty much kills using kupo nuts for them
Matteo: So might as well get gil, or just not do them and do another tribe
Matt: yeah, shame I haven't been levelling them :P
Matt: only got good rep with Ixali and Moogle
Matteo: They're quick now
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmwNfzc5tmk
Nikita: dont make me watch darkplace again
Nikita: i've been mostly satisfied with rewatching the intro
Liam: i convinced someone at work to watch it the other day
Liam: i have yet to hear back
Nikita: https://twitter.com/Kaizerkunkun/status/768018471573655553
Matteo: "I forgot to tell you earlier there was a rose branch between the hedge cuttings to pick up"
Matteo: "Why thank you dad that is still fairly helpful to know now that I've grabbed it"
Erika: an irl friend of mine made one of the DEMD viral advertising videos, I had no idea until recently
Nikita: is the the one with the bad beard or the narraotr
Harley: A+
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/yKN4fpf.mp4
Nikita: good birb
Matteo: It's got a "oh come on this is insultingly easy, really? Ok I'll humour you" look
Mymla: I'm surprised they actually don't have big brother in japan
Mymla: when there's one for like every single country in the world
Harley: they probably have a hilarious alterative thats actually kind of fucked up.
Harley: Big brother but with obstical courses and exploding beds.
Mymla: isn't that regular big brother?
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/FV9L8YS.jpg
Mymla: me irl
Erika: https://twitter.com/dubstep4dads/status/767916562258862081
Erika: Holy mother of god it's nice today
Matt: Sure fucking is
Erika: Nice
Liam: got super mario galaxy 2 running full speed at 4k
Liam: i god damn love the dolphin emulator
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CqjHuATWgAACInV.jpg:large
Mymla: hi tb
Nikita: can we skip the next hour? I want to get my conspiracy on
Liam: same
Alexander: I really want to get Deus Ex MD, but I have no idea why.
Mymla: ...because it's a deus ex game?
Nikita: its a good game
Alexander: Quite possibly. Hopefully they've unfucked the energy bar thing from HR, where you can only fill it with food.
Nikita: biocells are back thats all I know
Mymla: didn't it regen one segment naturally?
Mymla: so you never needed to fill it up
Nikita: 2 in director's cut
Alexander: I didn't play director's cut, only original.
Alexander: 2 sounds far better, only refilling 1 naturally sucked.
Liam: i have read that biocells are better this time around
Mymla: I don't remember ever being bothered by lack of energy
Liam: although you can drain them and have to recharge with snacks with certain abilities
Mymla: I don't think I ever used any abilities that used more than one segment, so
Nikita: why would you not use the double takedown
Mymla: that cost one
Nikita: pretty sure it was two in the original
Liam: my first run i did no kills and the achievement didn't pop
Nikita: it says a lot about pc games when this is what they tweet 1 hour before a game comes out https://twitter.com/DeusEx/status/768103224859566080
Mymla: I think you're wrong
Mymla: http://vgfaq.com/deus-ex-human-revolution-game-guide-eye-and-back-augmentations/
Liam: game is ready to unlock in approximately: more than one year
Liam: thanks steam
Alexander: Delayed until August 2017!
Nikita: what? http://i.imgur.com/rRWTwyz.jpg
Mymla: subtitles at 73% please
Nikita: how hard is it to make a checkbox?
Nikita: main menu music is pretty chill
Liam: dx12 wouldn't turn on and it looks like that's delayed until september
Nikita: its a very good looking game
Nikita: didnt drop below 55 fps so far
Mymla: that's way below 144 though
Mymla: are you some kinda console casual?
Liam: what graphics card you have, and is that on max?
Nikita: i always forget the exact number but I think its a 960
Nikita: 970
Nikita: and settings are around high
Nikita: didnt screw around with them yet
Erika: I was pleasantly surprised that my 970 plays Doom on ultra at a consistent 60
Nikita: same
Erika: I thought it was way more demanding and it's stupid pretty
Liam: i've done the geforce experience recommended settings
Erika: 4320p DSR
Liam: one of the guys sounds like peter serafinowicz
Nikita: I should crank it up to Ulta for fun
Nikita: silky smooth 5 fps
Erika: Nice
Liam: the recommended settings look good tbh
Liam: 60fps here
Nikita: I think this is the first game that has 16 GB ram in Recommended
Mymla: I think I have 8
Liam: same
Liam: time to get more ram
Nikita: everybody has 8
Alexander: I have 16.
Nikita: you're kicked out of my everybody club
Mymla: downloadmoreram.com
Erika: thanks
Liam: i've got something weird going on where the menus and overlays don't seem to reach the edge of my screen
Nikita: I wonder if this person subtly named Janus will have any ulterior motives
Erika: Felt like I was disarming a bomb taking it out
Mymla: building a pc is like disarming a bomb
Mymla: except the consequences for fucking up are worse
Nikita: 2.3 h of DXMD and I only just got to the apartment
Liam: i'm still getting that weird resolution problem
Liam: it's very odd, never encountered anything like it
Nikita: pc gaming txt
Nikita: Prague is very Half Life 2
Liam: yeah
Liam: it's going to be nice in 5 years time when i can blast this at max settings
Mymla: I hear the street signs in eastern europe have that weird alien language they have on street signs in HL2
Nikita: can cofirm
Liam: i wonder how long they'll keep mining deus ex prequels
Nikita: what does "Ulbrokas iela 10" even mean???
Nikita: lemme dig up the Deux Ex Timeline (TM)
Nikita: plenty of milking to do
Liam: assuming adam isn't dead by the end of this, i'm betting one more adam jensen game to make it a trilogy, then something a little further ahead in time
Erika: where does Deus Ex Go fit into the expanded canonical universe
Alexander: I never asked for this.
Erika: I got a papaya yoghurt and now I have papaya stuck in my head
Erika: and now so do you, you're welcome
Nikita: I had blackberry cider and now I dont have it anymore and neither do you and i'm sad
Liam: i had a chocolate cheesecake
Liam: it was nice
Liam: thanks for reading
Erika: I actually really do want blackberry cider now
Erika: I made this culinary masterpiece
Mymla: looks arguably edible?
Nikita: I love Slabofmeatnoodlesandpeas
Liam: hot ham water
Erika: ^
Alexander: I prefer hot chicken water myself.
Liam: haha adam just did a double take
Liam: they've really improved the animations in this one
Erika: https://twitter.com/aplethoras/status/764943479126523904
Liam: my review of the new deus ex so far: it's good
Liam: also good to see ragdoll physics are still a little funky http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/447367065329699586/5EA24E1A09CC1F1FB128D839C64FBB8FE1550F52/?interpolation=lanczos-none&output-format=jpeg&output-quality=95&fit=inside|2048:1152&composite-to%3D%2A%2C%2A%7C2048%3A1152&background-color=black
Liam: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cqey0QSUMAAoIvG.jpg
Liam: https://66.media.tumblr.com/ffcb8b5f4d3b7742a4c64987da57618c/tumblr_ocdclhjoJg1qj87c7o1_540.png
Nikita: its a shame MD will be buried under negative reviews because square cannot quit microtransactions
Nikita: fun fact: the preorder bonus ammo credits and praxis kits and whatnot can only be used once
Nikita: if you take them out of your storage they wont be there on your next playthrough
Liam: https://twitter.com/MagicRealismBot/status/768237800315506688
Nikita: how dare square have microtransactions in a 60 dollar game
Nikita: anyway, ill take 50 Overwatch boxes please
Mymla: am I the only one who can play and enjoy a game without buying or being overly bothered by the presence of microtransactions?
Erika: https://twitter.com/aboveup/status/767946513943236608
Erika: Good morning
Erika: Also yes
Alexander: Tim Buckley is never going to live that comic down.
Alexander: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37171953
Alexander: Damn.
Matteo: It's relatively close to here
Alexander: How are things holding up where you are?
Matteo: Can't say we've felt the quake, but we all inexplicably woke up at that hour
Matteo: I blamed the wind noise because there was a lot of it
Alexander: Good to know it's not too bad where you are.
Matteo: I'm glad I don't live in one of those very pretty, thousand years old zones
Matteo: Because this stuff has always happened and will keep happening
Alexander: Yeah. I guess they don't hold up as well.
Nikita: we should declare war on earth
Liam: pretty sure earth would win
Nikita: battle.net is still fucked huh
Alexander: What happened to it?
Nikita: ddos I think
Alexander: https://twitter.com/HIDEO_KOJIMA_EN/status/768265867960332289
Erika: dude is looking fine for 53
Erika: and for someone whose career is game development
Matt: You're looking fine for 53 >:(
Nikita: Kojima and Araki are vampires thats a well known fact
Nikita: Every time I boot up Mankind Divided I miss the day where a title screen just said New Game, Load Game, Options
Liam: i'm not sure how many boot ups i'll survive before dying of old age, there's so many company logos
Nikita: Square Enix turned into such a Corporation ass Corporation
Liam: hey, at least they're not konami
Liam: i mean, deus ex could have stayed dead but instead we got two great games
Nikita: I guess
Mymla: coming 2018
Mymla: deus ex: survive
Erika: At least the Go games are legit good spin offs, Lara craft go especially
Erika: Not had much exposure to deus ex but I'll be checking out DE Go for sure
Liam: i've been on a loading screen for leit 2 or 3 minutes now
Liam: but that may be my hard drive's fault
Erika: Mm
Liam: and now the game has frozen up
Erika: Doom is the first game I've installed onto a non-SSD in a long time and the loading times are horrrrrrible
Liam: oh wait it's back
Erika: Hooray
Erika: Wanna just get a new SSD tbh, no more deleting games to install new ones
Liam: my ssd had a bad sata cable and i'm wondering if the same thing has happened to my hd as well
Alexander: Doom Go?
Mymla: like pokemon go, except doom
Mymla: train and catch until it is done
Liam: i wonder if the juggernaut collective will have any connection to JC denton
Nikita: very much doubt it
Nikita: I don't think Paul is even alive
Nikita: or born, rather
Nikita: 10 bux says Janus is an AI though
Nikita: it fits with their habit of naming them after gods/greek myth
Liam: i do like the augmentation descriptions
Liam: a lot of thought has gone into them
Nikita: examine the Painkillers bottle when you get the chance
Harley: Heh.
Harley: Brawl is Highly Offensive with a picture of reaper on it.
Harley: :D
Harley: http://i.imgur.com/bwahCgu.png
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0jBRFNAXr8
Matt: https://twitter.com/HoshizoraOCE/status/764079391261405186
Matt: also I found May Be a Little Late.mpg
Matt: http://dirty-overwatch-confessions.tumblr.com/post/146624162415/the-things-i-do-for-this-blog
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5JCsO6eblw
Liam: i should finish blooborne and dark souls 3
Erika: That series is basically the only big budget game series where I will absolutely devour them and start to finish the moment they are released, no other games really do that for me
Harley: last thing to do that to me was xcom 2. I guess MMO's "count, maybe" in that regard too, but not to me
Harley: if they do, then Legion and FFXIV too, but mostly xcom 2
Matteo: I should finish dark souls 2 and 3
Matteo: Well, start
Erika: Yeah heavensward was like that too but I mainly mean single player games
Mymla: ffxiv in general was that for me when I started playing it
Erika: ARR i played the shit out of on minute one but almost everything about modern MMOs was entirely new to me, so I was slowly taking everything in and learning all the systems, slang, controls, quality of life improvements I can make, etc
Erika: So that took a long time
Mymla: I came straight from wow
Matt: same
Mymla: and by the time I was like level 20, I was like
Mymla: holy shit this game is better than wow in every way
Mymla: stop shilling wow, radibot
Liam: raidbot works for blizzard: confirmed
Erika: Important business this evening: adding :parrot: and other emojis to work's slack
Alexander: I have all emotes turned off on work IM.
Liam: its so muggy today i hate it
Matt: I'm off to Lille tomorrow through Monday
Liam: im sweating like a paedophile at a play park
Matt: and its like 30-35c its fucking horrible
Erika: and then came the rain
Liam: and maybe some thunder too
Mymla: oh
Mymla: so the subtitles slider in deus ex
Mymla: isn't even immediately obvious which side is on and which is off
Erika: overwatch/sombra stuff is happening... whatever it is
Erika: http://amomentincrime.com/ the % is going up steadily
Nikita: countdown to a countdown to a countdown
Mymla: so is sombra gonna be hackinginprogress.gif
Erika: https://www.channelone.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/bigstock-Hacker-Typing-On-A-Laptop-44548492-555x370.jpg
Nikita: https://cdn.churchm.ag/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/hacker-stock-photo-2.jpg
Nikita: https://twitter.com/OverwatchGG
Nikita: http://i.makeagif.com/media/8-22-2015/T_1-1L.gif
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hytg8uo48_U
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oWZY65-Hw8 I'm just reminding people this exists.
Liam: https://twitter.com/Nibellion/status/768493269747691522
Erika: man that's kinda gone past the point of schadenfreude to me
Erika: it's legit sad
Erika: also who else remembers this being announced a billion years ago http://store.steampowered.com/app/115800
Erika: it's finally coming out
Erika: 2008 it was announced
Nikita: playing Deus Ex when your last shooter was DOOM sure is a think
Nikita: I want to shoot somebody but im not about to become Adam "copkillr" Jensen
Erika: I'm still pressing the r key on doom every 2 seconds
Erika: Help
Nikita: It won't stop
Nikita: Also, after 15 hours of staring at Prague I'm out of sidequests
Nikita: They really went all out with that
Liam: you've played more than i have
Liam: which person did you choose for the golden ticket?
Nikita: I think his name stared with Ed
Liam: the old man?
Liam: same
Nikita: Misogyny reigns
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/VTCkywE.gif
Harley: NSFW that shit man.
Harley: its an orgy of destruction D:
Harley: (pro click, totally adorable :D )
Nikita: http://kotaku.com/the-guy-with-the-lowest-possible-rank-in-overwatch-1785662123
Nikita: fucking goons
Erika: Hahaha
Erika: I'm sad I somehow missed that thread, assuming there was one
Nikita: he posts in the meimei thread
Nikita: aka the only good overwatch thread
Erika: Should've guessed
Erika: Just now learned I work in the same building as imdb
Erika: I also spent the morning until now thinking it was Wednesday, wth brain
Matt: You sure do
Nikita: I was woken up by the mailperson that decided they're gonna start delivering my shit to my door instead of dumping an invitation to pick it up into my mailbox
Nikita: on the bright side they brought my third jojo book
Nikita: just one more
Nikita: http://eu.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/topics/detail/cdbbf92de77026ca9e9e4af3c6caaaec1515e01e
Nikita: oh no
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58saXWuQq88#
Alexander: Dat Y'shtola robe though.
Erika: Ah
Erika: Yes that is definitely the same character designer as xenoblade x
Erika: So uncanny and creepy
Nikita: I really want to play Xenosaga but it doesnt run perfectly on an emulator and there's three goddamned games
Nikita: hello not-Zanza https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjPWTEtuv74
Matt: I'm on a boat motherfucker
Harley: same
Mymla: first time I seriously consider buying a thing from the mogstore
Mymla: ehh
Mymla: also,
Mymla: i hanjo
Bruce: Hi lol
Erika: Yo
Matteo: Spammers
Liam: hello
Alexander: I want the Y'shtola robe. Send help.
Liam: i wish i was a catgirl wearing the y'shtola robe irl
Alexander: That feeling when you'll never be a catgirl.
Liam: i have spent so much time snooping around this bank in mankind divided
Liam: there's so much of it
Nikita: the bank rules its like a shadowrun level turned 3d
Mymla: I only did the tutorial mission so far
Mymla: I like how adam was fully content to keep his HUD on for the entire train journey
Mymla: but when he stepped off he decided he was suddenly sick of seeing it
Nikita: he can watch youtube on his HUD
Nikita: helps with the long rides
Liam: he's watching failarmy
Mymla: TOP 10 AUG FAILS OF 2028
Mymla: icaruslandingskydivingmalfunction.gif
Liam: just found an antique store in game with a companion cube in it
Liam: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=751583717
Liam: protip: don't sell neuropozyne, people trade stuff for it
Nikita: i'd never sell 'zyne dude
Nikita: I need it because i'm a regular real aug person an
Mymla: watch as the steaming hot water runs down adam's ripped abs as he slowly shampoos his ruffled black hair,
Alexander: How augmented!
Mymla: augment your manservice
Liam: is adam's penis augmented
Mymla: can't believe this shitty game doesn't even have subtitles for the news
Mymla: can't hear shit over the background music
Mymla: very likely
Liam: maybe it shoots fire extinguishing foam
Alexander: Is your subtitle slider up far enough?
Mymla: it's all the way to the right
Alexander: Is that the on direction?
Mymla: yes
Alexander: Why is subtitles a slider anyway?
Mymla: very good question
Alexander: What happens if you have, say, half subtitles?
Mymla: well, it still only has two settings
Alexander: So it doesn't even slide?
Liam: oh man the cult side quest is freaky
Liam: especially if you have the CASIE aug
Nikita: oh you mean Richard
Nikita: why would you be scared of Richard?
Nikita: but yeah sneaking around the data bank is my favourite part of MD so far
Liam: i put a bullet through richard's temple
Nikita: how could you
Mymla: I'm gonna not kill anyone
Mymla: because I'm not a psycopath like you
Liam: i'm not going to do a pacifist run first go around
Liam: i'm trying to be sneaky but fuck it, sometimes i'll just straight up murder a dude if things go down
Liam: not like guards or stuff though
Liam: they're just doing a job
Mymla: kill augs, they're not even human anyway
Mymla: lmao vincent van aug
Mymla: "people think I'm a stupid bum. I have a degree in art history!"
Mymla: so...you're a stupid bum.
Nikita: I don't kill people except for those who really deserve it
Nikita: like Macready
Liam: hm, the game is acting like i killed some police officers even though i didn't
Nikita: copkiller
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cqr5q0xXgAEPZ8Y.jpg:large
Nikita: cannot confirm if its real or not
Liam: https://www.ssense.com/en-us/men/product/vetements/black-total-fucking-darkness-football-shoulder-t-shirt/1727113
Erika: lol
Nikita: for that hot Kraftwerk robot look
Nikita: am I glad I installed DXMD on an SSD
Nikita: I cannot imagine how long the loading times between districts are
Liam: quite long
Nikita: they're pretty long on an ssd
Nikita: which makes sense because its loading a bunch of shit
Nikita: and explains the 16 GB RAM requirement
Nikita: who
Mymla: https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/4zhfg0/famitsu_long_interview_famitsu_needs_to_ask/
Mymla: yoship thinks game is too hard, so he's gonna take away my blood of the dragon
Mymla: he's gonna add that too, yes
Nikita: blood of the dragon is fine, enochian on BLM is a bit much
Mymla: they're about the same tbh
Nikita: one is easier to drop than the other
Mymla: not really imo
Mymla: however, dropping enochian is a much bigger deal than dropping botd
Nikita: Live letter is tomorrow by the way
Mymla: I'm guessing that secretly means saturday
Mymla: because time zones
Mymla: actually no japan is in the future
Mymla: http://eu.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/topics/detail/9303c603b00fb18f64bd7d0beaeba8eead0ebecd
Mymla: I think there's a gamestop in a town near me
Mymla: jesus christ five days?
Alexander: I like how some places get "spend money at Gamestop" while others are more "buy shitty magazines."
Mymla: no lol it closed last year
Mymla: which is like a 2 hour drive for me
Nikita: lol DX is acting like I killed cops too
Nikita: punching = killing I guess
Alexander: Did you punch them to death?
Nikita: I mean im pretty sure I did not shoot anyone
Liam: yeah same
Liam: i used the taser
Liam: because i wasn't about to kill cops
Liam: and adam is all like "they shot first"
Liam: they didn't even see me, they didn't shoot at all
Mymla: I bet you stabbed them to death with your arm swords
Nikita: im not even sure if I punched anyone
Nikita: oh man the first place you fly to looks rad
Liam: golem city?
Nikita: didnt want to that direct but yes
Nikita: EMP bullets feel like hax
Liam: emp bullets and armour peircing ammo wreck drones
Nikita: back in my day we hoarded EMP nades
Nikita: why is everyone at not-UNATCO a massive asshole
Liam: they're stressed ok
Liam: and the girl that looks after the weapons range is nice
Nikita: I bet they're just racist
Nikita: And I have questions about Adam's motivation to go to Golem City but that's a question for another day
Nikita: Actually correct me if I'm wrong bur doesn't he literally know that they're innocent?
Liam: his motivation to go is to maintain his cover
Nikita: They're doing a similar thing to the old Deus Ex except JC knows that NSF is fighting the good fight but that won't stop him from shooting them
Nikita: Anyway, I'm just complaining that I'm getting railroaded into non lethal because I don't want to play a psychopath
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/J5PnJ1I.png
Nikita: Is this frog fractions 2?
Nikita: I guess live letter is tomorrow at 7 am in the God's timezone
Nikita: Third time's the charm
Erika: Good morning
Nikita: I should really try sleeping for more than 4 hours before work
Erika: I had a fairly normal sleep last night, watched mr robot until 1 or so but woke up is morning feeling like absolute garbage
Erika: The snooze button was cruelly abused
Alexander: I was doing cleaning as I have an inspection from my landlord on Saturday, then I sat down to take a break and fell asleep.
Alexander: Woke up at 3:30 wishing I hadn't.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/jLveaQJ.mp4
Erika: Friday doggos
Alexander: Early caturday.
Erika: Gonna have to start being careful opening this chat at work now
Erika: Most of the catpeople in the feed aren't too lewd but you never know
Nikita: Cat people are perfectly natural
Nikita: Especially in Trump's America
Liam: what's wrong with that first catgirl's eye
Alexander: Anime.
Matteo: Never disappoints
Harley: Apt.
Erika: Somebody beat the final boss of fanfiction
Nikita: That reddit post escaped from goons.txt
Erika: Twitter isn't long enough to include the extra detail about children
Nikita: What
Erika: ^
Nikita: Tumblr is the most confirmist place on the Internet
Nikita: Also I feel like I'm the first person to use "conformist" since the 90s
Erika: reaper wouldn't have a tumblr
Erika: myspace 4 lyfe
Liam: i was about to say
Liam: a myspace from 2005
Erika: same
Matteo: What's a therian
Liam: aren't they the invisible horse things from harry potter
Nikita: Same as otherkin
Nikita: Like literally
Matteo: They're hipster otherkin?
Erika: Otherkin are an integral part of the kyriarchy
Nikita: Is that an anime
Mymla: no but I'm animekin
Nikita: The proper term is otakukin, thank you
Nikita: You joke but that's a real term
Nikita: Iike fictionkin
Matteo: Have these people heard of "feelings" or "interests"
Nikita: Stop oppressing whitey
Nikita: Ironically most of tumblr's oddities are probably born from fandom
Nikita: When everybody loves wolves you have to one up them by loving wolves so much you're  literally a wolf
Nikita: I wanna go home watch JoJo's and play MD
Alexander: I want to go home, curl up into a ball and sob quietly.
Nikita: That's tomorrow
Alexander: I'll already be at home tomorrow.
Erika: I want to be with friends and socialise this weekend but I have no plans and am not sure who's actually about
Erika: There is a gig tonight at least, don't know them but a friend will be there
Erika: Also got a random invite to Manchester from a friend I haven't seen in years so... hmm
Nikita: Congratulations they're a serial killer now
Erika: :toot:
Nikita: Goons.txt reposted the printer story today
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/15C2FUv.mp4
Liam: look at this bowl of weird cats
Mymla: I bet those cats smell bad
Mymla: yoship please add skunkgirls to ffxiv
Erika: Boo
Erika: Maybe it was deleted, rip
Erika: https://youtu.be/o8Qz_-zirdk
Mymla: that is one dumb ass dog
Liam: look at these big sharp mice https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H9pvicOspY
Erika: https://youtu.be/ugo5FO9PIaE this is a good youtube series of Internet videos that I recommend
Nikita: sombra website still at 5% good ARG Blizzard
Erika: https://streamable.com/nvs6
Alexander: Majestic.
Nikita: no tail 4/10
Alexander: Clearly a hyur.
Matteo: People didn't like interstellar?
Nikita: hipsters
Nikita: theres like one dumb monologue
Nikita: and somebody probably thought the ending is unrealistic or some dumb shit like that
Mymla: http://imgur.com/gallery/MrUcW
Mymla: smol
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb3UobSZl34
Mymla: this katana was 209 dollars
Mymla: ayy
Alexander: Where's his Fedora?
Mymla: he's dry cleaning it
Mymla: my favorite part is that comments are disabled
Mymla: no
Mymla: my favorite part
Mymla: is that if you go to his channel
Mymla: he has an enormous list of pony videos
Alexander: I was waiting for someone to get hurt when he was waving it around people unsheathed.
Nikita: I want to punch Chikane
Nikita: Pritchard was an entertaining dick, this guy's just a racist asshole
Liam: priitchard was really well done actuallyu
Liam: he's starts as an asshole you hate and ends up being essentially your closest ally by the end
Matt: Bleh why is there a heatwave in N France
Mymla: lol who lives in france
Liam: french people, mostly
Matt: Not me, but I do go and be a nerd there
Matt: It's due to be 34c in Lille tomorrow :(
Velcio: This video has made me decide to shave my chest hair
Mymla: don't lie it made you decide to buy a katana
Velcio: I've got a worse thing
Velcio: Friend bought a VPN so he can watch that Japanese Big Brother programme
Velcio: Because Europe/USA doesn't have the rest of the episodes
Mymla: why not just pirate it
Velcio: Not available anywhere
Velcio: on torrents
Velcio: I guess we're gonna split the cost because it can have two available connections
Velcio: Also, imagine my shock when the rest of the episodes aren't available worldwide BUT THEY HAVE FINNISH SUBTITLES
Velcio: In Japanese Netflix
Velcio: I..
Mymla: netflix is fucked up
Nikita: DX MD remains good and everyone is an asshole
Nikita: I already feel like I missed some side quests already
Velcio: http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info23536-ConsolePort.html O_O
Velcio: I might give that a shot just because
Nikita: next Alexander wing is called Alexander: The Creator
Nikita: and next primal/triad is Sophia
Nikita: oh yeah and patch is coming on 27th of september
Nikita: Library Hard and Ixali home dungeons
Nikita: I think that's how you spell it
Nikita: Lots of other new stuff and changes you can look up if you want
Alexander: "Auto attack will no longer be affected by the direction your character is facing. As long as you are within melee range you will attack."
Alexander: Why would they do this?
Nikita: Bow down uplander http://puu.sh/qPYdv/5bc2983131.jpg
Nikita: https://twitter.com/kuvosa/status/769418460564590592?s=09
Erika: Oh yes
Alexander: Does it being TGS merch mean JP ONRY though?
Nikita: There will be dark black markets for that prime pompom shit kupo
Matteo: Now for the next chapter in "how can we make another faust without getting fired"
Nikita: This one is outside Alex!
Matteo: Make one called faustwerk, it even fits the naming
Matteo: Stands in place and does nothing but attack and mirror damage on the secondary aggro target
Matteo: People will never know
Nikita: The picture I posted is a Faust by the way
Matteo: Yeah
Matteo: I'm not sure anything can salvage Alexander's story
Matteo: Coil ruined anything they can come up with for a story that's not the main one but dramatic enough to make you care
Matteo: Also the tank armor I liked in the contest didn't win so everything is terrible
Erika: https://twitter.com/overwatchtxt/status/769248108496752640
Erika: Yeah basically
Erika: Cool was tied so deeply into the entire backstory of ARR, though judging by midas's story it should at least be fun
Erika: And not entirely forgettable
Nikita: One is about Bahamut, the other is Alexander
Nikita: Who gives a shit about Alexander in any FF game
Alexander: I never asked to be in FF anyway!
Nikita: Pretty sure Alexander even gets owned by Bahamut in ff9
Erika: Action Timers will be reset when restarting battles.
Erika: Three years
Matteo: Player duels
Matteo: Come at me
Matteo: u talk shit u bak it up bitch
Erika: come to the wolves den in the next eorzean hour if u want an ass kicking
Nikita: I'm mostly excited for whatever female fronted buttock they get for Sophia
Nikita: And will it be an intern again or Free Dominguez on vocals
Matteo: We get npc things to run dungeons
Nikita: The question is with or instead of you
Matteo: Maybe if you fuck up too much they'll kick you out of their static
Matteo: 1536 new housing apartments per server
Matteo: This will surely solve Excalibur's problems
Matteo: Like every other time they added enough houses for 0.00001% of the total population
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/0CMupMf.jpg
Matteo: Online Status for RP will be added.
Nikita: ERP oppressed again
Erika: https://twitter.com/ffxiv_memes/status/769427878882766848
Nikita: The name for 3.4 is Soul Surrender by the way
Nikita: Story focuses on Alisae(who?) WoD and The Planet
Nikita: The Planet may or may not be dyin', Cloud
Nikita: Oh he'll yes half jorts
Erika: Haha
Nikita: Should have made Lulu's abomination instead
Erika: It looks like cleric stance is getting changes? I think? The Google doc isn't updating
Alexander: Time to unsub I guess.
Erika: I started learning hiragana the other day and it was surprisingly easy, I really need to learn the rest already
Erika: Got no plans today so maybe I'll just do that
Nikita: FFXIV Karaoke Room at Karaoke Pasela in Akihibara
Alexander: I tried learning Hiragana once and fuck, my brain.
Nikita: I want footage of somebody singing Under the Weight
Nikita: Bowdownoverdweller
Erika: I'll link you to the learning materials I used if you like, used lots of mnemonics which is always the best way to learn visual stuff in the long term
Alexander: I tried to brute force it.
Alexander: Say it, write it 50 times. Move on, after a few go back to the first one and do it again from memory.
Alexander: If you fuck it up, 50 more times.
Erika: That's brutal
Alexander: I have a notebook somewhere of hiragana of degrading quality as my hand started to cramp up.
Erika: Id recommend just learning to read it, much faster
Erika: Then when it's sunk in you can just write it from memory
Erika: I think knowing how to write it is really a much lower priority than being able to read it
Alexander: I need to dig out my hiragana flash cards too.
Alexander: My job kinda erodes my desire to do anything taxing outside of it though.
Alexander: Last night I got home, sat down and woke up an hour later.
Erika: It's because I'm just starting a new one but I'm belligerently resisting the urge to just relax and do nothing every evening after work
Nikita: I should go back to trying to learn German... again
Alexander: I don't have the time, energy or intelligence for learning more languages.
Erika: Don't know if I'd want to learn katakana and fuck kanji, but hiragana seems like it'd be a useful skill with little investment
Alexander: I think Kanji is too important.
Alexander: Katakana isn't really any harder than Hiragana and shares some characters.
Alexander: Though you also introduce the idea of identifying which alphabet one you see belongs to.
Erika: mach's schon
Erika: this is as far as I've got
Erika: I could totes do the rest today
Nikita: I wanted to check the SA thread for maybe some new pictures but fuck they're talking about Coil and casuals again
Erika: throwback saturday
Nikita: Somebody ban ilifinicus already
Liam: https://66.media.tumblr.com/6e651ef1e58554282d529f81865474b4/tumblr_oc1l9yvOsa1un66iso1_540.jpg
Erika: https://imgur.com/gallery/noTuA
Erika: haha
Nikita: Isn't Limp Bizkit alive already
Nikita: I sure wish it wasn't because the last album is not even ironically good
Erika: I'm going full weeb, just try and stop me
Alexander: Sake is pretty nice.
Alexander: I've had a sake set for years.
Nikita: I'm leaving this group
Erika: sake is great
Mymla: alexander's story has been pretty good so far, though
Mymla: lol at the notion that "coil's story was better, therefore alexander's story is bad"
Matteo: Alexander's story is bad regardless
Mymla: you haven't even seen it
Matteo: That it came after coil just makes it more evident
Liam: i like alexander's story
Mymla: *reads first two chapters of harry potter*
Alexander: What's wrong with my story?
Mymla: fuck this shit I thought we were going to a wizard school
Liam: not super a lot but it's fun
Mymla: *skips to the end*
Mymla: well that book was shit now what
Matteo: They're failing in making me care about why this earth shattering menace is doing very little to be a menace
Matteo: No amount of dragon waifus with shitty sob stories will suffice
Liam: well maybe if you'd watch the story you'd know the answer
Mymla: ^
Matteo: Show, don't tell
Liam: they can't show if you're not looking
Liam: and also they do
Matteo: Bahamut did try to torch the world and was barely stopped
Nikita: The loudest argument against Alex is that Coil was good because you were forced to work to get it
Mymla: bahamut in 2.x did fuck all actually
Mymla: hth
Matteo: This one is threatening to overload the breaker on the aether wiring
Nikita: And my husbando Bahamut was really strong and no casuals could beat him
Liam: alexander has a pretty neat twist as well imo
Matteo: I get it's unrealistic to have big dynamic scenes with the tiny team they scrape together
Matteo: But so far it's literally "It's moving! No wait it stopped"
Matteo: BUT NEXT TIME
Mymla: maybe you should instead of just looking at the big model
Mymla: which already does more than bahamut ever did
Mymla: you should watch the story cutscenes and listen to what mide and the goblins have to say
Liam: also, if you'd watch the cutscenes you'd realise that if it gets moving properly at all you've lost and everything is fucked
Mymla: wow they're dumbing down jumbo cactpot for the casuals
Mymla: now you can buy three tickets
Erika: cool I can't wait to buy 3 tickets then forget to claim it the next week
Erika: I did that literally every single time
Mymla: Wondrous Tails
Mymla: there's a miqo'te child in idyllshire?
Mymla: players will be able to use "-" in character names
Mymla: please find ways to abuse this now
Erika: gonna change my name to --------- -------
Mymla: why weren't you already ''''''' '''''''?
Nikita: Here's another thought: how the fuck are they gonna do Sophia she's just a huge head with a woman on top
Mymla: how are they gonna do leviathan it's just a big fish
Harley: >reads telegram chat.
Harley: Kids, kids. Both bosses are cool and good.
Harley: Stop comparing them, we have both.
Harley: Hell this game is good like that, since you can downlevel ;P
Mymla: coil is actually bad because most of it is
Erika: I still didn't finish T13
Mymla: "HEY REMEMBER THIS THING FROM 1.0?"
Mymla: "no...?"
Mymla: "WELL IT WAS REALLY COOL IN 1.0 OK?"
Alexander: Yes.
Erika: my sub litereally ran out while I was DFing it and got booted
Alexander: I've never cleared T13 either.
Mymla: I finished it
Harley: also anyone hating on alex for not trying alex is someone who doesn't know the magical pleasure that is a8's music.
Mymla: (it's actually pretty good)
Erika: yeah
Harley: T13 is fighting big B himself right?
Erika: I tried it once and seemed good, but wasn't in a place in my life to raid it when it was current
Mymla: sort of yeah harley
Harley: I know alot of goons who've cleared coil and adore that fight
Erika: I do really wanna finish it now that alisae is coming back
Harley: becuase of things like the music synching up with supers
Mymla: I pretty much hurried to finish it because alisaie was in the last 3.3 cutscene
Harley: eh, ill let you tell me the differences between not doing it and doing it
Harley: brb
Mymla: https://embed.gyazo.com/87d60522f2aa4cb85e6445b32f084532.png
Mymla: HELLO TAKE MY MONEY YOSHIP
Erika: T9 is really great for music as well, I think most with a very specific mechanic order have carefully synchronised music
Erika: and T12 which was totally unexpected for a raid fight, evebn though I only got to try it unsynced
Erika: the music is super good and surprising
Erika: pretty sure almost everyone here has played it but just in case https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mM-nHCieSI
Erika: or just y'know, go play coil it's awesome
Harley: same and alexander
Mymla: https://i.gyazo.com/0dbc0c86a66cb101f6528f1e4bc6fde9.png
Mymla: ayy lmao
Erika: fuckkkkkkkk that's a depressing exchange rate
Liam: we've got at least 2 years to get the heck out to a country that isn't imploding
Liam: before theresa may's killbots sweep the streets with no eu laws to keep them in check
Mymla: used to be 13+
Alexander: It's okay, we won't have human rights here soon.
Alexander: And everything we do will be tracked.
Mymla: england for the english
Nikita: England prevails
Nikita: Also somebody in the thread mentioned that Akh Morn is timed to Answers in T13
Liam: ooh looks like 3.4 is focused on warriors of darkness
Liam: and alisae is making a comeback, her dialog changes depending on if you've beaten coil
Liam: better get on that erika
Nikita: I mean who else
Erika: yeah that's why I mentioned it
Nikita: Ishgard is done and Azys Lla has been pushed into side story territory
Erika: still need to do 3.3 story, I'll get on it shortly before 3.45
Erika: 3.4 rather
Erika: https://66.media.tumblr.com/ae7defd8bf3803d53e8143181a298ed2/tumblr_ny4gvzMBHE1qil3kvo1_1280.png
Nikita: Speaking of Azys Lla, Regula van Hydrus is totally a Samurai
Liam: http://imgur.com/a/CNqZz
Nikita: He has a pretty unique two handed attack animation
Liam: the blm gear in this is very dark souls
Harley: *shudder*
Harley: I've wanted that job to be tech-themed for ages now. It'd be sweet.
Erika: Oh man that blm gear is so good
Erika: White Mage sucks though, maybe it'll look better on a female char
Nikita: Wow racist
Erika: Come at me
Harley: *sets up ring*
Erika: I'll be waiting in the wolves den
Harley: also mymla explaining to me that goons say that alex's story is bad because you get to see it on normal mode before you do it on "real mode", ergo story is worse then coil and i... i.. uh...
Nikita: It's not epic unless I hear 7 nerds shrill as Bahamut goes down
Matteo: Alex's story isn't bad because it's easy
Matteo: It's bad because it's bad
Mymla: counterpoint:
Mymla: you're bad
Matteo: (I was busy getting verbally abused in mhach)
Matteo: (I was called a dumb ass for dying to hellwind on forgall)
Nikita: https://i.redd.it/7e4r515z3ohx.png
Erika: Haha
Nikita: Literally had a DRK talk shit in Mhach yesterday and bragging about his i235 gear and being up to a8s
Nikita: Thankfully the overwhelming response was "whatever edgelord"
Matteo: Anyone told him "lol no 240 weapon"
Nikita: Later I did Labyrinth with 5 DRKs
Nikita: It was a dark and stormy night
Liam: like we're gonna listen to what someone who dies to hellwind is gonna say
Erika: Still remember heavensward launch and barely anyone was levelling mch
Erika: So I ended up partying with 2 other ASTs and a DRK to do haukke manor onwards
Harley: Card Captor Erika!
Harley: Didn't help that MCH was heavily slammed by the community
Alexander: It was a bit underwhelming at release.
Harley: it was, but it wasn't dumpster fire trash like most pubbies tried to spin it
Erika: https://twitter.com/shenanigansen/status/751850941087903744#
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08LOlZR4UN8
Erika: haha
Liam: saw someone wearing the y'shtola gear with the character setup to look exactly like her
Erika: yoship's still nattering away on the stream
Liam: anything new?
Erika: nah it's just been people goofing around since the live letter
Alexander: The Y'shtola gear makes me want to spend money.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/Q6qEJLN.jpg
Alexander: I can read that, it just hurts my eyes.
Erika: haha
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nH6ya5g2-s&index=600&list=WL
Nikita: The official live letter was like 1.5 hours long
Nikita: The whole anniversary stream is like 14 hours long
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyWcr17feeI&list=WL&index=609
Erika: and just fgor good measure
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbdCPl1RIoM
Mymla: http://imgur.com/a/KwOqY
Erika: what
Mymla: wow rp is great
Matteo: Monstertruck on hooves draenei with a train of dick
Matteo: Too long for a namechange
Mymla: http://imgur.com/a/DaJWZ
Mymla: Age: Loli
Nikita: It's okay if you use a foreign word
Mymla: "...barely walk with it. Some have said her belly is the size of two or three pregnant bellies!"
Mymla: I don't think I've ever seen a wow rp profile where someone roleplays as a catgirl
Mymla: that is weird
Mymla: there are millions or horsecocked draenei women
Mymla: but no catgirls
Mymla: http://imgur.com/a/w7af0
Liam: that is why ffxiv is the best game ever made
Liam: the intense concentration of catgirls
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/xnb8vhd.png
Harley: okay i laughed
Harley: i feel bad but i did
Harley: wow raidbot, im an arsehole, you have NO excuse.
Matteo: This is exactly why we need mod support in ffxiv
Matteo: It is necessary
Erika: raidbot in FC chat would be too good
Mymla: can't fit my rp profile in 60 characters
Matteo: Why not
Matteo: "Holy shit that cat has a big dick"
Mymla: there should be more to your rp profile than your dick size
Matteo: "I will shoot a load of cum at you at some point in the conversation as needed"
Matteo: What else do you need
Matteo: Race: cockbeast
Matteo: God these are great
Harley: hail santa
Liam: are all the futas with massive balls women irl
Liam: because i don't understand why a man would want his precious sack to be an easier target for pain
Nikita: I have a couple of links for you
Nikita: Or you can just listen to the fplus and realize they're mostly men and often British
Erika: Screenshotting this group chat in case I need to blackmail anybody later
Liam: the fplus sounds like something for sinners
Harley: *snerk* Well. I guess I should be thankful they are working it out on the internet, away from me, and no one in the real world gets hurt.
Harley: The last part being debatable.
Harley: <Something Indecent that can be used against me later.>
Mymla: how do you punch through walls again in deus ex
Nikita: There is probably a paper you could write on birth of futa horsecock draenei from homophobia and absolute refusal to see/imagine  men in your pornigraphy/erp
Nikita: There's some material for your screenshot
Erika: too late https://twitter.com/MeadowDrone/status/769548360307052544
Nikita: Also you get an Aug called Punch Through Walls
Mymla: you start with it though
Nikita: And then punch cracks in the wall
Mymla: it's in the turorial
Nikita: Or vents
Nikita: After The Event they strip your augs
Nikita: My favourite colour is blue how dare you cover up my name with that red trash
Matteo: I deny ever being a mmorpg player
Mymla: I hate the term forgery
Mymla: I prefer graphical arts activism
Nikita: Same
Liam: if you punch through a wall that puts everyone nearby on alert fyi
Matteo: You don't say
Nikita: I like that augs are borderline magic now
Mymla: what I don't quite get is why augs are now hobos most of the time
Mymla: augs were expensive, so most people with them would be rich or at least upper middle class
Nikita: The idea is that augmentations are tools
Nikita: So working class mostly had them
Mymla: I...guess
Nikita: And you have to go along with it
Liam: a lot of lower class workers got them on the behest of their employers
Mymla: company pays for your new arms, then you go crazy one day and end up on the streets
Liam: then neuropozyne payments locked them in debt
Nikita: I guess it makes sense
Nikita: Why would a rich person pay for an ugly ass industrial looking arm
Nikita: And they're hobos because Prague is a shithole
Nikita: Prague is supposed to be the most extreme police state if you're an Aug
Liam: yeah it was very aug friendly so got hit pretty hard by the incident
Nikita: Damn European LIEberals
Nikita: by the way when anyone in this chat finishes the 01011000 side quest hmu I need to complain
Liam: still at the start of golem city
Liam: they should tidy up hat place a bit
Nikita: no time, gotta oppress
Alexander: I'm installing HR Director's Cut.
Nikita: perfect except im working tomorrow and after tomorrow
Mymla: Fine, whatever the correct phrase for "I'm upset that someone else has something that I don't".

The reason I don't like it (it's not unacceptable for me, if it was I would stop playing) is because I do feel that story mode takes away from the feeling of accomplishment in savage. That's what I've been trying to say all along.

If story mode and savage mode were two entirely different raids with different story, but just as much content for each party to enjoy, would you be OK with that? Or would you feel somehow slighted that the savage group gets something that you don't?
Nikita: thank you for finding today's dumbest post
Nikita: esp the last paragraph
Nikita: DO YOU DESIRE CONENT, HU-MAN? HOW ABOUT A COMPROMISE?
Nikita: we should just burn down PBC imo
Mymla: yes
Matteo: If someone else has it, I don't want it anymore
Nikita: Trump 2016
Harley: Must not engage the FFXIV thread.
Harley: Must continue to treat it with the contempt it deserves.
Mymla: Because it's unnecessary. If you really want to see the raid story but can't raid, you have several options. You can watch a youtube video, you can wait for the raid to be trivialized through nerfs and gear progression, or you can get someone to carry you. To me those sound like reasonable alternatives, and I don't understand why people find them unacceptable. I think it would be really cool if they just nerfed savage to the ground when the next tier comes out so that anybody could do it. Hell, make it a single player scenario with 100% echo and NPCs that heal you for all I care. That way the hardcore players get exclusive access for a few months, the midcore get something to strive for, and the casual players get to see it eventually.
Mymla: deus ex should only have the I Never Asked For This difficulty setting
Mymla: the plebs can watch it on youtube if they care
Nikita: why would you play a video game
Nikita: look at all these people lining up to carry me through alex 8s
Nikita: tl;dr
Nikita: https://i.imgur.com/TmSdS.jpg
Erika: Nice
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amEsnIzlPc4
Harley: top comment also good
Harley: overwatch meme thread still good
Mymla: I wasn't aware "hustler" was a male gendered word
Harley: i suspect it isn't.
Nikita: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/juggalos/images/0/05/Big_Money_Hustlas.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20090704104246
Nikita: http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/Xelphatol
Nikita: so its pretty much what Snowcloak was for Heavesnward
Nikita: short version: it's between black shroud and Gyr Abania(Ala Mhigo)
Mymla: I wonder what ala mhigo will look like
Mymla: it borders the black shroud, so kinda steppes-foresty?
Nikita: have you played Deus Ex Mankind Divided
Mymla: a bit
Nikita: Ala Mhigo is still a Garlean police state
Nikita: I think
Mymla: yeah but that doesn't say much about the climate
Liam: it's mountainy is what i read
Liam: kind of like coerthas pre 2.0
Liam: also i hope the warrior of darkness sticks around for a bit and doesn't get chumped in 3.4
Liam: the warrior of light is obscenely strong at this point so having a rival to keep them in check is good
Liam: they can be the shadow to our sonic
Mymla: or they could get converted to our side
Liam: just like shadow
Harley: I'd be fine with the WoD being his own agenda and his crew too.
Harley: infact
Harley: I just dont want the bad guy faction people (FFXIV's Org 13) to not be uniform in their plan.
Harley: It'd be neat if whitecloak is up to something different but still bad
Liam: i think he is
Harley: Even if it sjust "revive my god, hijack body for me."
Liam: like he's been collaborating with whatshisface
Harley: and he put the WoD on the table
Harley: so
Harley: Also yes
Liam: and is generally pretty polite and genial compared to the rest of em
Harley: Basically it'd be neat if the Ascians are not united and are not so different from us.
Liam: there's also a strong theory that says he's the masked kid in the warring triad plotline
Harley: They just work with Zodiark and we work with Hydalin
Harley: and hey, its not like that's impossible
Harley: didn't the final fantasy that added warriors of darkness basically tell it as their world is "Just ours, but an all consuming light was killing everything?"
Liam: pretty much
Liam: and the cloud of darkness was a cloud of light in that world
Harley: :D
Harley: I dont hate Light and Darkness as tropes, i hate when one is good and the other is evil and theres no inbetween.
Liam: cloud of darkness is actually true neutral
Harley: I unironically enjoyed the plot point that Darkness in... ugh, some manga.
Harley: The one which is basically magical boy with his harem
Harley: 'cept its not sexual because hes literally 13
Harley: anyway
Harley: the plot point of darkness and light in that setting was darkness was everything, light was absence. So the problem with huffing darkness was it made you prone to going insane
Harley: because its everything.
Harley: But its not evil, its just... overwhelming
Harley: Light on the other hand made it hard for you to understand or even consider. Soooo.
Harley: Darkness made you go "Mad from the revelation", light made you a zealot.
Harley: to be fair, ffxiv has shades of that anyway. White and Black Wizards.
Liam: the black mage city had an airship powered by demon
Harley: mymla was explining to me awhile back the black mages are worse tho
Harley: because they caused an umbra era by blowing shit up?
Harley: or by warring with white mages?
Mymla: I mean, a bunch of black/white mages are fine
Mymla: but they're still using the aether from the surrounding land to cast spells
Mymla: so if enough of them fight for long enough
Mymla: eventually the same thing happens as if a primal gets to run loose
Matteo: How I understand it the mage wars of the old umbral eras were due to the big nukes getting thrown here and there, instead of our shitty fire IVs
Matteo: Meaning both literal blowing shit up in large scale and drying up the aether
Matteo: I'm sure there's some post somewhere with that huge nerd Koji detailing stuff much better though
Harley: what is the aether anyway, i mean
Harley: ugh
Liam: magic
Harley: nerd time
Harley: is it basically ambient and limited in the air?
Harley: does it replenish over time?
Liam: it's energy
Harley: if you murder a black mage, does all that aether disperse back into the world?
Nikita: have you played FF7?
Harley: yes
Harley: so its like that then
Harley: does it replenish over time?
Harley: also, why is eozia so special?
Harley: and is the aether everywhere but just massively inflated in eorzia?
Mymla: because lake silvertear is the source of all aether on hydaelyn I think
Harley: uh
Harley: so its the well of eternity?
Mymla: I guess?
Mymla: not as extreme maybe
Harley: thats fine
Nikita: hopefuly we'll see more of Garlemand/Garleans in 4.0
Mymla: I think it might be more like coldarra actually
Nikita: they're a race that cannot use magic at all whats up with that
Harley: So there might be other lakes like it?
Mymla: garleans are a subhuman species
Mymla: I don't think there are other lakes
Mymla: I can't remember exactly where I heard this
Mymla: maybe the MNK story?
Mymla: Silvertear falls is a key location within Mor Dhona currently occupied by the XIVth Garlean Legion. It is said that almost all the aether present in Eorzea flows through the falls, and it's flux is currently disrupted due to several reasons, such as the presence of the Primals on Eorzea.
Nikita: thats why we need that lore book yoship
Nikita: raidbot we need to talk about your fetish
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZgnXjXk2N0
Harley: the bit at 1:17 is fantastic.
Erika: https://twitter.com/piss_wizard/status/769567918241804292
Nikita: latest Unprofessional Friday took a dark turn
Mymla: are the dishonored dlcs prequels?
Harley: no
Harley: they are "whats happening while corvo is in prison" and it ends with corvo deciding what he wants to do to daud
Mymla: oh
Mymla: so prequels
Harley: and by "in prison" i  mean its mostly the final weeks
Harley: yeah i guess, very close to the actual game tho
Mymla: so it ends with you just walking around in a room
Mymla: while corvo picks your pocket and then leaves?
Harley: so close it might as well be a "runs alongside" story
Harley: heh
Harley: to my understanding its based upon how bloodthirsty you are.
Harley: but i have no idea if there shades of grey to it
Harley: In my two playthroughs, High chaos = get murdered by corvo. Low chaos = spared by him.
Harley: Anyway, play it mymla, its some good dlc
Mymla: nah I got deus ex to play
Mymla: and then I'll have dishonored 2 to play
Nikita: za warudo?
Harley: the heck is Exclusive Fullscreen?
Harley: any DE:MD settings to disable "because they are shit."?
Nikita: MSAA
Liam: exclusive fullscreen caused me problems as well
Harley: dear videogame devs, if you wont fucking stop with the shitty splash screen logos
Harley: AT LEAST
Harley: COCKING
Harley: TURN
Harley: THEM
Harley: DOWN.
Harley: That was loud as fuck
Liam: the throat has a really strong vibe to it
Alexander: Been playing a bit of Human Revolution. I sure love exploiting my position as security chief to steal everyone's energy bars.
Liam: yeah when breaking in to everything you think "should i be doing this?" but no one seems to mind
Harley: did the intro bit, that was fun
Harley: i think im going to just "go with the flow" this time
Harley: no excessive exploring or quickloading
Harley: and take the game as it falls, so if i fuck up, whip out the lethals
Liam: i'm doing mostly the same but my use of lethality depends on who i'm dealing with
Nikita: This game does not shy away from DX1 references
Liam: i don't remember dx1 super well apart from stuff like UNATCO and bob page and old men
Nikita: At some point all dialogue will be only using names Bob Page, Manderley and VersaLife in random order
Nikita: One of the intro cutscenes had DeBeers who's a popsicle in DX1
Matteo: I'm catching up with the ffxiv thread
Matteo: Those are some serious word gymnastics to find a way of saying "I don't want other people to have what I have" that is not exactly that
Nikita: now the thread got even worse
Nikita: they're up to throwing around insults like "lol you don't have 7 friends to raid with?"
Matteo: To be fair for one Agrias trying to picture a way to say "fuck you casuals" without getting called out (and failing), there's always a sewage waste barrel scraper like Verranicus and his "people who do things I don't want to do shouldn't play the game" opinions
Matteo: I'm sorry if one of you is Verranicus
Nikita: you probably got their name wrong but I think I know who you're talking about
Matteo: Oh no I hadn't reached yet the even worse posts
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIRAXuSgtdQ
Alexander: That stretchy neck.
Liam: if you haven't watched the the recent monster factory about spore please do
Matteo: FFXIV thread over already, finished the new posts
Matteo: I expected much worse
Matteo: I want my SA money back, 5/10 flamewar
Nikita: the second palace you fly to is uh, different
Erika: http://www.barneys.com/product/golden-goose-distressed-superstar-sneakers-504345269.html
Nikita: somebody looked at hobos in cyberpunk and decided thats future fashion
Liam: i beat the first place you go last night
Nikita: im slightly worried about where the main story is going
Erika: I've watched a bunch of reviews/analysis etc out of curiosity so I think I know what you mean
Erika: maybe I don't but whatever
Erika: got a 1TB SSD on its way today alongside my weeb sake order \o/
Erika: fuck you doom
Alexander: 1TB SSDs cost way too much.
Erika: I was looking at 512GBs or aroudn there searching for good value until I saw that
Erika: good deal
Alexander: Sounds good.
Erika: yeah
Alexander: Impressive.
Alexander: I'd buy a 1TB for that.
Alexander: Probably.
Erika: yeah that was p much the exact tipping point
Erika: like a "this is the expected price of a really good hard drive" vs "this is for people with way more money than sense"
Erika: next upgrade would be a monitor, but it seems so hard to pin down exactly the right one when you consider size, IPS, g-sync, 144hz, resolution
Erika: many combinations of those just don't exist and some are unreasonably expensive
Erika: and if you want all of those it's just too much money
Alexander: I have a 1920x1200 IPS I got years ago.
Alexander: I don't feel compelled to upgrade.
Erika: I saw a decent one which hit a lot of the right spots, but it was freesync and not g-sync and there's no equivalent
Erika: ooh nice
Alexander: It's one of the nice Dell ones.
Alexander: 2410U or something.
Erika: yeah
Erika: I'm willing to go just 144hz without g-sync if it means saving a lot of money
Matteo: That's what I got in the end
Alexander: I'm not buying into free/g sync stuff until one of them "wins".
Erika: but there are weirdly few - at 27", barely any 1080p144 and 1440p144 are stupidly pricey
Matteo: I have a 1080 144
Erika: which one?
Erika: half of the ones I see listed are sold out or discountinued
Alexander: My problem is that after using a 16:10 monitor, I don't want to go back to 16:9.
Erika: ah I bet
Matteo: AOC G2770PQU
Erika: 144hz is the most important thing that I'm looking for, if I can also change to 1440p or IPS or g-sync for not much more then I'd absolutely go for it but not holding out much hope
Matteo: This one's a compromise, but I didn't really want to go lower than 27" because I've had one for years now
Erika: yeah same
Alexander: What kind of graphics card do you need to drive a stable 144 fps?
Matteo: Either adding higher resolution or g-sync sent the price up to "as much as another computer"
Erika: 24" seems so much more popular and good value but I really don't wanna go down
Erika: I think 1070 is what you need for new games, but I don't really play many brand new graphically intensive games, doom was really an exception as much as I'm enjoying it
Erika: would love to bump my FF14 or overwatch frame rates though
Matteo: FFXIV is usually above 100 with just the 970 though
Alexander: I think my bottleneck in FFXIV is the CPU.
Alexander: Populated areas drop the frames and have high usage.
Erika: yeah I'd always expect frame rate drops in the towns
Alexander: My GPU isn't pushed as hard as the CPU though.
Erika: good to know it goes way above 60 with the 970 though, not that I should be surprised as the GPU I upgraded from also did 60
Alexander: Clearly I need an i7 extreme and SLI 1080s.
Erika: can you fucking imagine having 2 1080s though
Alexander: It'd be amazing.
Erika: yeah I can't find G2770PQU anywhere outside of america, looks like it'd be great value if it weren't for ridiculous shipping costs
Erika: this is what I mean with so many monitors being discontinued so quickly, feelsl ike there's few to actually choose from at any one time
Erika: https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00B19T7QC/?tag=pcp0f-21 this is the most popular 1080p144 on pcpartpicker
Alexander: Can you get that in 16:10?
Erika: it looksl ike there are literally no 16:10 1080p144 monitors
Erika: er, 1200p sorry
Alexander: Why live.
Erika: it looks like the best value of that type regardless of free/gsync but still feels like a waste getting that without an AMD card
Mymla: use the deus ex universe phone app to scan this triangle code
Mymla: how about
Mymla: fuck off?
Erika: haha
Nikita: Engage with The Brand consumer
Nikita: the game is racing to the end and i still have a bad feeling
Nikita: at least side quests have been pretty great accross the board
Erika: you must have played a lot, or it's shorter than I thought it would be
Erika: or both
Liam: i've put a fair few hours in and i think i'm like 1/3 through
Liam: https://i.imgur.com/LUu16Pe.gif
Erika: alien doggo
Liam: its a wee babby sugar glider
Erika: ooh
Erika: reminds me of this
Erika: good song
Liam: sugar gliders are the cutest little things and i don't understand why we haven't built our society around them
Nikita: I played for like 30 hours but that's with fucking around looking at walls
Nikita: And just leaving the game on while cooking
Nikita: Because fuck looking at company logos
Erika: yeah I don't think I've ever played a game and had representative playtime at the end
Liam: where did you get that refurbished 1tb ssd from anyway erika
Erika: amazon, I'll look up the uspplier but it was an amazon warehouse type deal
Nikita: Mankind Divided is a lot like Stand Alone Complex except  with a boring overarching story(so far)
Nikita: But yeah Prague is really well made and feels alive
Nikita: Some other parts? Well
Nikita: I'm just gonna say that the second place you fly to sucked and I didn't like it
Erika: oh hey
Erika: just found out Torche are playing here next month, bonus
Erika: bristol needs more sugar gliders
Liam: i don't have a guess for where that even is right now
Liam: golem city was super telegraphed
Nikita: Well there's plenty of sidequests to keep you busy
Nikita: Before you're forced to face that
Liam: yeah i picked upthe 00100110 one
Liam: and got like 4 phone calls pointing me to quests as soon as i returned
Nikita: JENSEN DO THING I CAN'T
Mymla: today I walked into a coffee shop and stole a vending machine
Mymla: the guy at the counter didn't seem to mind
Mymla: I now have a vending machine
Mymla: it's my friend
Erika: the vending machine didn't ask for this
Mymla: I feel like a lot of what I do in this game just proves that the racists make some good points
Mymla: I literally steal anything that's not nailed down
Nikita: How do you know? Did you ask them?
Nikita: Mymla, the voice of the alt-right
Mymla: also, nobody in prague cleans their aparments ever
Mymla: I know, I break into a lot of them
Liam: i broke into one apartment and it ended up being incredibly sad
Mymla: I feel justified in stealing when I know the owners are pigs
Nikita: I like the cat apartment
Liam: the one with the cat image macro on the wall? or is there an even more cat one
Nikita: No that one is maximum cat
Mymla: all I did was brush against a cop with my vending machine
Mymla: and they fucking gunned me down in broad daylight
Nikita: Aug lives matter
Nikita: I'm sorry I'm I'm trying to de
Mymla: my next playthrough is gonna be full Adam the Unfriendly Aug
Liam: https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=2914751&userid=0&perpage=40&pagenumber=754#post463618780
Liam: TFR proving as insanse as always
Nikita: That's perfectly natural and not what a serial killer does
Mymla: it's only bad if you have a painful erection while doing it
Mymla: the coolest deus ex bug
Mymla: is that if you load a save where you're crouching behind cover
Mymla: you'll vault right over it from pressing spacebar to exit the load screen
Nikita: That's the first thing I complained about on twitter dot com
Nikita: Had to rebind jump to get out of one of the particularly bad saves
Liam: i have also experienced this bug
Nikita: You can kinda avoid it by waggling your mouse
Nikita: Although that might be just for walls and not vaultable objects
Mymla: I like how if you don't have icarus landing
Mymla: dropping more than like three meters fucking kills you dead
Liam: i imagine it sends jensen's metal legs up through his ribcage killing him instantly
Nikita: The overheat mechanic is stupid by the way
Nikita: And I'm not sure how Icarus Dash works
Liam: it's pretty much blink from dishonoured isn't it
Nikita: Hot tip: you can dash through lasers because you teleport  I guess
Nikita: So yes it's literally blink
Liam: i like the enforcer gear
Liam: the hostility thing is really weird
Liam: sometimes i taze a guy and no one gives a shit, sometimes i do and everyone wants to kill me
Liam: there's a woman with some weird meshing issues with her hair
Nikita: Powered by the Dawn engine
Matteo: Back at work this morning
Matteo: Between 9:00 and 10:00 I have taken
Matteo: Um
Matteo: 9 support calls
Erika: Bank holiday here \o/
Erika: (Sorry)
Matteo: 10
Erika: I'm working on a project with Italian clients rn and we've barely been able to get any information from the, because nobody is answering emails or calls
Erika: Since everyone's on holiday
Matteo: Just think of everyone work-related here as a 600 dps pubbie blm
Matteo: Myself included
Alexander: 600 isn't bad for a pubbie.
Erika: Haha
Matteo: Also these lazy fucks shouldn't be on holiday anymore
Matteo: Not that I didn't get to enjoy emails and calls on my mobile during vacation
Erika: :(
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/Fk6fW0P.mp4
Erika: omg
Alexander: That's not a chilli dog.
Erika: https://imgur.com/2pVdAnd.jpg
Erika: https://i.imgur.com/nKgg9Vu.gifv
Erika: smol jimnist
Matteo: Fuck humans
Mymla: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJVAZaf1ZyU
Mymla: im the smooth jazz
Alexander: I'm looking forward to seeing what videos Youtube recommends now that I've clicked this.
Nikita: good ones
Liam: same
Liam: https://twitter.com/jesawyer/status/770246407626248193
Nikita: the biggest problem with Mankind Divided is that you see that rad ass main title screen with two Jensen heads for like 3 seconds
Nikita: should have been the default title screen instead of the bench
Nikita: also has anyone read the description for the social aug
Nikita: about how it releases pheromones produced from vaginal alihpatic acids
Liam: yeah
Liam: adam jensen smells of pussy
Nikita: Same could be said of everyone who owns a bad ass leather trenchcoat
Nikita: And a Samurai sword
Nikita: Arm blades are fine too
Mymla: is there a samurai sword in adam's apartment?
Mymla: also adam owns three bad ass leather trenchcoats THANK YOU VERY MUCH
Mymla: and has a fourth one ordered
Nikita: Available for 14.99 or if you buy the season pass
Alexander: He makes up for his lack of samurai swords with more trenchcoats.
Erika: https://youtu.be/f6992PRpn4k
Alexander: The floor is lava, the video game?
Erika: yup
Alexander: I love the music.
Alexander: So good.
Liam: if it isnt lava by the b52s ill be disappointed
Nikita: Only 11 more hours of work and I can finish Mankind Divided in peace so I can complain about it
Mymla: I wonder if you get arrested if you just keep taking the human subway train
Nikita: I wish they did that instead of paper check nr.24
Mymla: nobody gets mad at you for using the women's bathroom
Mymla: this game is awful
Mymla: mass effect 2 was better
Alexander: Didn't Pritchard scold you for it in HR?
Nikita: Spirit of deus ex is dead
Mymla: think so maybe
Mymla: I keep randomly moving refrigerators and vending machines around, but nobody cares
Nikita: I'm not sure it was Pritchard but somebody definitely did
Alexander: They probably think moving refrigerators are normal.
Nikita: It's Aug culture
Nikita: They don't want to be insensitive
Mymla: I like how the IT support computer has a security rating of 1
Nikita: I hope one of those computers' passwords is the login
Nikita: Also a character in the game actually says "anti-aug racists"
Nikita: Do Canadians not know what race is?
Liam: I heard one mook pointing out that augs aren't a race though
Mymla: hahaha using the firing range removes all your item binds
Mymla: fuck this game
Nikita: If you accidentally press the augmentations button the game crashes
Nikita: In the firing range
Alexander: Amazing.
Nikita: Hire me eidos I can do QA b7r accidentally pressing buttons
Mymla: I like how adam has literally 5 boxes of cereal in his office
Alexander: Only 5? What a casual.
Alexander: Just counted, I have 9.
Liam: they're the same ones he has in HR too, just in czech
Liam: adam fukken loves ceral
Mymla: adam jensen is adorable
Mymla: he is mai waifu and my spirit animal
Nikita: For a person who speaks Russian Prague is very weird
Nikita: Czech and polish sound Russian but I don't understand jack shit
Nikita: Though at least some words in Czech I can understand
Nikita: Polish is 99.9% gibberish
Nikita: 00.1% is "kurwa"
Nikita: You have no choice but to learn that one
Mymla: I don't know what that means
Mymla: does it mean "fuck" or "shit"?
Nikita: That plus "bitch" all in one word
Nikita: Or so I heard
Mymla: what a beautiful and versatile language
Nikita: It's like fuck In that it's used for everything
Nikita: Russian definitely is more beautiful and diverse when it comes to swear words
Mymla: cyka blyat
Nikita: I was born of Belarusian parents, speak mostly Russian/English and am a citizen of Latvia
Nikita: Also an orthodox Christian on paper
Nikita: Shit's weird
Mymla: when walking through lethal gas, most people might at least try to hold their breath
Mymla: adam jensen on the other hand starts fucking hyperventilating and drops dead in 5 seconds
Mymla: there's a hobo here
Mymla: sleeping on a couch
Mymla: using a brick as a pillow
Nikita: Dark cyberpunk future of 2029
Harley: ITS IN MY AUG ARMS
Liam: gene wilder is dead
Alexander: After all the shit that's already happened in 2016, I don't even feel shocked anymore.
Erika: well he was 83 so yeah
Erika: sad, but y'know
Liam: yeah this isn't like a bowie level death
Alexander: Thanks for reminding me that Bowie is dead, asshole.
Liam: i didn't kill him
Nikita: That's animal abuse
Nikita: In other news, aliens might be real
Nikita: Something something ayy lmao something
Erika: I definitely haven't heard that news story every month for the past 15 years
Erika: (Would be curious to read if you have a link though)
Nikita: Buy this one is real !!!!
Nikita: Uh
Nikita: http://observer.com/2016/08/not-a-drill-seti-is-investigating-a-possible-extraterrestrial-signal-from-deep-space/
Liam: this sort of thing has happened before and it's always been something they figured out later
Liam: pulsars were one of them
Erika: Just made telegram 100000000x better
Alexander: Even if it's not aliens, maybe they'll discover cool space stuff.
Nikita: Like a good version of No Man's Sky?
Nikita: Sorry. Im sorry. Im trying to remove it
Alexander: I liked watching ManvsGame playing No Man's Sky.
Alexander: He got to the centre of the galaxy, then spent the next 20 minutes trying to kill himself but the game kept restoring his shields so he couldn't die.
Alexander: Pretty much was watching No Man's Sky break a person.
Nikita: My background is one of Carl Jung's mandalas
Nikita: I don't remember why
Nikita: Oh yeah because they're rad and Captain Carl is a crazy alchemist
Nikita: Also why would you put something so spooky as your background
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/bkcqSvm.jpg
Nikita: Spooky family portrait
Velcio: https://mobile.twitter.com/LeiSakuragi/status/766231508713611264 Feeling sexually confused right now
Nikita: By the way the alien news are also fake because we live on a flat earth and space is fake
Alexander: Is the person cosplaying the cat boy also a boy?
Velcio: That's what I'm confused about
Velcio: There's an interview where she says she's a girl indirectly but ehh, I guess that's how she identifies
Alexander: Making sure to do your research first?
Velcio: Implying I'd hit on a random cosplayer from the Interwebz?
Nikita: It's 3 am and I'm working night shift I should be the one doing weird posts
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/7WgPJLE.jpg
Matteo: That we know of
Matteo: My "that we know of" was in response to this but Telegram decided yesterday was not a good day to deliver a message
Matteo: Minor technology issues tend to make me really angry
Matt: that catperson is hot I don't get the problem
Matt: that sanic is hot I don't get the problem
Matt: also huh, new tomestones and esos wont be earnable any more
Matt: (as of 3.4)
Matteo: Eagerly await the 1:1 esoterics:lore conversion for costs
Matteo: While the rewards don't get adjusted
Nikita: If you cannot earn esos what happens to the relic quest?
Matteo: You buy those with lore
Matteo: What they never managed to not fuck up was the cost conversion compared to the reward conversion
Matteo: Cost went from law - eso 1:1 for example
Matteo: While you earned significantly less eso than law after the change, for the same activity
Erika: https://twitter.com/BNONews/status/770019360845008897
Erika: Good morning
Liam: good, death to reindeer
Nikita: Now that everyone(citation needed) has Yshtola's outfit main story quests are gonna get awkward
Nikita: "Good to see you again, warrior of light. Where the fuck did you get my clothes?"
Liam: she's blind how is she going to know
Nikita: aethermachines
Liam: oh man i didn't even realise that there were seperate carraiges for augs on the train
Liam: i was just going to the waypoint each time
Matt: just watched someone playing Legion
Matt: and umm, having played FF now, WoW's really showing its age
Matteo: The IT guy at a client that I was talking to this morning on the phone said "Legion is out today", we weren't talking about anything even remotely related so I guess he was talking to someone else there
Alexander: Maybe he just wanted someone to play it with.
Matteo: I also never let slip that I play videogames ever
Erika: Formal client meeting in azeroth
Nikita: I fucked around In WoW on the free trial one night
Nikita: it did not look too hot
Nikita: I heard that it got some graphical updates so I guess I expected something better
Matteo: You have to overlook a lot of aesthetic stuff if you come from FFXIV
Matteo: The world in wow felt more immersive though, even with shitty graphics
Matteo: Mostly thanks to the absence of invisible walls
Matt: I mean, I came from this to WoW
Matt: https://cdn.mmos.com/wp-content/gallery/anarchy-online-overview/Anarchy-Online-Bug-Enemy.jpg
Matt: soooooooo
Matteo: I went from FFXI to WoW, and even with XI being old as sin wow still felt like a downgrade in raw graphic detail
Matteo: I tend to forget very quickly when they let me fuck around the map more freely, even if textures are shit and that rock is literally 3 triangles
Mymla: tbh in a way I find ffxiv more immersive because of the zones being separate
Mymla: because there's like, implied distance between zones
Mymla: so the world feels larger than it actually is
Erika: Yeah
Mymla: and wow looks ridiculous a lot of the time when you fly over it
Erika: Heavenward still did that well
Mymla: with how different the zones are when they're right next to each other
Erika: Having ff14 be my first mmo also helped make it feel immersive because I felt so lost both in terms of systems and geography
Erika: As nd the amazing field music
Erika: I did the wow trial too, didn't get far, I did some flights and enjoyed the seamless world and the varying colours of the zones but it is so sparse and yeah, even with solid art direction you cant ignore its limitations being a 2004 game
Matteo: Keep in mind I haven't played the expansion that let you fly over old world stuff, and onwards
Matteo: ~My immersion~ comes from going a lot of places on foot, and only flying over zones designed for that
Matteo: Also in context of having played it a long time ago
Mymla: I really hope they keep designing 4.0 zones for flying
Mymla: like sea of clouds and azys lla are very clearly designed with flying in mind
Matteo: I like the aesthetics and soundtracks of the zones but I feel I have literally zero reason to go actually do things in them
Matteo: Except look at them once from above
Erika: There'll be a world event before the next expansion where bahamut flies down and destroys the whole wo- oh wait
Mymla: sightseeing log
Matteo: I don't like that
Matteo: It's an arbitrary checkbox
Matteo: I still went around sightseeing before that, for places I liked
Erika: I agree, most fun from those was when they were brand new and the ones which were dumb precision platforming had like 50 people all jumping off a pole over and over
Mymla: I wouldn't call it a checkbox unless you make it one
Mymla: by asking the internet where they all are
Matteo: Yeah i'd never do those with a guide
Matteo: And I dislike the new ones being marked with sparkly shit
Mymla: nah I don't
Mymla: like, the one at the waterfall in gridania for example
Matteo: Just make the zone bigger so you don't have to pixel hunt, but don't mark them
Mymla: I have no idea how you're supposed to know the exact lamppost you're supposed to stand on
Matteo: I've done zero of those so I don't know
Matteo: I like the little description blurbs
Mymla: yeah they should've kept those
Mymla: feels a bit :effort: that there weren't any in HW
Erika: I enjoyed the sightseeing enough on its own to consistently forget that the log existed
Erika: It's a pretty game
Matteo: Keep the lore descriptions, make the zones big enough that you're not stutterstepping a macro to find the exact 10 cm to stand on, remove the neon signs so I actually have to read the description
Mymla: a lot of locations are pretty easy to find anyway
Mymla: because they're in pretty obvious places at the tops of mountains or large structures
Matteo: About actual sightseeing I went dicking around most prettier zones the first time, I'll also agree with some of the insane OF posters in that I'd like some overworld zones to be actually dangerous
Mymla: they are actually dangerous before you get good gear
Mymla: I wouldn't want them to be actually dangerous with good gear
Matteo: Obviously don't make them in the shit you have to go through 10 times a day because that's just wasting time
Matteo: They're only dangerous if you literally string together an army of mobs while mounted
Matteo: Don't know, give them some crafting stuff to drop, make them like overworld wow elite mobs
Matteo: Things you either have to get creative, have buddies or overgear severely to kill
Matteo: There must be some sane medium between FFXI "everything will 100% kill you if it aggroes" and FFXIV "I can run through a beastmen stronghold on foot and lose maybe half health"
Alexander: https://twitter.com/internetofshit/status/770500230856970240
Erika: Why does a scale need WiFi?
Alexander: Internet of Things. Everything needs WiFi now.
Matteo: To tell everyone what a fat fuck you are
Erika: I guess if it auto updates a profile on a fitness website, then sure
Erika: Just seems weird given it would take 5 seconds to bang on the number on the app yoursekf
Erika: Yay technology
Matteo: But then you can cheat
Erika: One day I'm gonna try to weigh myself or change the thermostat and I can't becaude my torrents are throttling the network
Matt: yeah I mean stuff would be fucked right now, I'm installing GTA5 and have 58GB to go
Erika: Or my competitive online game will get a super high ping because someone's dicking about reconfiguring the scales
Alexander: There's internet connected everything, from locks to pet feeders and power sockets to fridges.
Matteo: I already start missing half of my gcd if anyone else browses the internet and finds some page with images in my home network
Alexander: Cat goes hungry because you were streaming too much HD porn? Too bad.
Nikita: Welp I beat Mankind Divided
Nikita: cool, where's Episode 2?
Nikita: oh.
Nikita: huh
Nikita: thats my review
Erika: Cool
Erika: Video games
Matteo: Episodic gaming
Liam: bideo gams
Nikita: For what it's worth it went longer than I expected and i enjoyed playing almost every minute of it
Liam: yeah it is tremendous fun to actually play
Nikita: the problem lies with "Deus Ex Universe"
Nikita: they caught that Human Revolution sold really well and decided to milk the shit out of Deus Ex
Nikita: so Mankind Divided has more dangling threads than some of my old shirts
Liam: i hope that cd project red cyberpunk game is good
Nikita: also I have to agree with Jeff of Giant bomb dot com
Nikita: hearing people say Illuminati without much irony hurts
Liam: it ends with a ffxiv crossover when the illuminati are revealed to be goblins
Nikita: It feels weird to say but DOOM is probably the best game I played this year
Nikita: That came out this year
Erika: I'm still enjoying iy
Erika: it
Mymla: doom is super good yeah
Erika: All it needed to be was a fast fun dumb as fuck fps
Erika: And it is
Erika: And it's pretty which is a bonus
Mymla: it even has a surprisingly good story
Nikita: I decided to look at the negative reviews for Mankind Divided
Nikita: who the fuck cares this much that the game has microntransactions?
Mymla: I mean
Mymla: the microtransactions are a point against the game
Mymla: but not really worth getting upset over
Nikita: you're not forced to buy them
Nikita: they're stupid yes, but they dont force you
Nikita: if it was imbalanced in favour of optional microtransactins then yes
Nikita: people write as if it ruins the purity of Deus Ex
Nikita: and takes a shit on the non-existant grave of the original Deus Ex devs
Nikita: semper games
Nikita: http://i.imgur.com/q5kQfq9.png
Mymla: but yeah, I do wish they didn't have so many quality of life augs you have to spend praxis points on
Mymla: that you start the game with and then lose
Nikita: the idea was more for you to play around with them to see what you like I guess
Nikita: and that its a direct sequel to human revolution
Nikita: where you probably had all that shit unlocked
Nikita: but honestly their justification for a reset is weird
Nikita: dude was fished out of the arctic ocean
Nikita: you'd think that would be cause enough
Liam: how do you know they weren't reset at that point and he got given the praxis again while he recovered
Nikita: find out in the Deus Ex : The Presequel
Mymla: what I don't get is why adam didn't shake the doctor down for like 30 praxis after he literally almost killed him
Mymla: http://i.imgur.com/ng3HOH6.png
Mymla: wow
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkxU7tBP4uI
Nikita: fun fact about Mankind Divided
Nikita: I watched the announcement trailer, im pretty sure 99% of the things shown dont happen in the game
Mymla: MD was watch underscore dogs all along
Nikita: I mean it was a cinematic trailer but its till weird seeing pretty major character doing things they dont do in game
Erika: Imagine being this angry about a video game
Liam: kill all gamers
Erika: That you can a) not buy
b) get a refund before playing two entire hours
Nikita: semper games
Liam: bob mortimer is a national treasure https://twitter.com/RealBobMortimer/status/770698920745902080
Mymla: https://i.imgur.com/lSzfFan.jpg
Mymla: widowtracer is a garbage ship but it has good fanart
Erika: lmao
Mymla: http://67.media.tumblr.com/b8345ec0bedb3d6990084db1c4f2b65d/tumblr_ob3ibvfDW61spxrmuo1_500.png
Nikita: sexism is over
Alexander: But everyone knows Genji has the best Shimada butt.
Erika: https://gfycat.com/ExaltedIgnorantIndianrhinoceros
Erika: http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/164/682/5e6.png
Liam: the description for the dress up y'shtola minion is great
Liam: also if you do the play again you get an extra dialog option
Liam: https://65.media.tumblr.com/64cf610ffb7b9884323bb754454a1a64/tumblr_ochddeDwk71ve07blo1_540.png
Matteo: Fuck working together
Matteo: Also pumpkin and bell peppers are shit together
Matteo: Pumpkin and eggplant too
Nikita: fucking commies
Matteo: As demonstrated by the pumpkin being the shitty nerd with thick glasses that no one wants to work with because he smells
Mymla: pumpkin just isn't good period
Matt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wUixhV13gI
Erika: I like roasted pumpkin seeds though
Matteo: I can't think of many good uses for pumpkin
Matteo: Ravioli and risotto are the only two outstanding
Liam: just used the geforce experience feedback form to ask if they'll give me a 1080 for free
Liam: will report back with updates
Erika: My uncle works for nvidia and he gave me a super secret 1380, swear down
Erika: It comes with a battlefield 6 beta and I can play it at 8k resolution
Nikita: casul
Nikita: speaking of casuals, whens the overwatch patch
Nikita: im tired of the exciting 2 genji vs 2 genji fights
Liam: i want to play ffxiv at 4k
Alexander: Casual, play FFXIV at XIVk.
Matteo: I want to play ffxiv in dx11 without it crashing every hour
Matteo: But that's asking a lot
Nikita: whats the point of ff14 in 4k when catgirl butts are still #censored
Matteo: People didn't take the hint and delete all catgirls
Erika: Fucking SJWs
Alexander: I don't think I've ever had XIV crash in DX11.
Liam: yeah same
Matteo: They should remove their boobs too
Liam: i was about to say
Liam: you may have something up with your setup there matteo
Matteo: I've never had it crash until 3.3
Liam: i had some crashes at 3.3 but then a hotfix came out that fixed it and i haven't had one since
Alexander: Get better drivers?
Matteo: Unless Nvidia makes some especially for me I have nothing more to upgrade to
Matteo: There are plenty of reports of these appcrashes for apparently no reason, mostly with Nvidia cards but there are some for AMD too
Alexander: I use AMD drivers. If yours are worse and crash more, then I feel sorry for you.
Matteo: And they all started since 3.3
Liam: i'm on nvidia. i know it's not scientific but there we are
Matteo: Support never said a thing more than "reinstall" or "upgrade drivers", so the only solution agreed upon for those affected is using the dx9 client and praying they fix their stuff
Matteo: Do not mock me Raidbot I will harm you
Alexander: I think raidbot is picking a fight.
Nikita: the internet is freaking out so I guess season 2 of Stranger Things was confirmed
Erika: 4 years in and people still forget that Netflix sign every new exclusive for 2 seasons
Alexander: I'm totally out of the loop of all these cool kids shows.
Erika: They're good and I recommend them
Erika: Netflix and hbo are basically carrying TV right now
Erika: With a couple of exceptions
Nikita: its not anime so who cares
Nikita: joking aside Stranger Things seems good from 3 episodes I've watched
Alexander: I can't imagine paying for Netflix. So I get none of that popular stuff.
Erika: I have to change my password every few months because family and friends I share my account with end up signing on to too many devices and I end up not hitting my simultaneous user limit
Matteo: I'm not sure we have netflix here
Matteo: For the best, there's probably satan things in there
Liam: it's a shame netflix blocked vpns from working
Erika: My current work project is getting new Italian TV broadcasting working to standards
Liam: i watched all of justice league on the american one
Erika: Can confirm satan
Erika: You're welcome
Matteo: I don't think TV here is redeemable in any way
Matteo: Then again I haven't watched any in so long it might have gotten better
Matteo: More likely it got way worse
Erika: The test footage I work with is riveting
Erika: (it's not)
Liam: i've not watched italian tv but i imagine there's a lot of sex
Erika: Yeah I basically I imagine shows like the Mexican soap operas only on every single channel, 24/7
Matteo: Plenty of those but what's really aggressively bad and offensive to the human brain are the news outlets
Alexander: I don't own a TV or a TV licence.
Liam: they are/were all owned by burlesconi weren't they? at least that's what i seem to remember
Matteo: Half of the major channels
Nikita: God Eater 2 looks like a neat monster hunter game confirm/deny
Liam: i've ordered some new ram
Liam: it's downloading now
Alexander: God Eater 2 is fun. Played it all evening yesterday.
Alexander: It's English voices only though, some of which are a bit painful.
Nikita: I was about to say something smug about weeaboos and english voice acting but fuck i'm playing Tales of Symphonia from time to time and I want one of the english voice actors to die
Matteo: Weeaboo
Matteo: A client of ours just said he still uses a 5.25" floppy drive and he'd love a replacement drive if we find one
Matteo: The first time I used a pc ever I was told no one used those anymore because they were old stuff
Liam: is it colette
Nikita: not a hard guess is it
Liam: it's been close to a decade since i played it and i still remember
Nikita: its hard to forget
Erika: Nah Ive seen *true* weeaboos are like "heh Japanese voice acting is terrible, English is actually better, you're just ignorant to what good Japanese acting is like"
Alexander: I like Japanese voices more because I can't tell how bad they are as easily.
Mymla: same
Erika: Exactly
Mymla: also with japanese voices you get genuinely hilarious unintentional comedy whenever they try to speak english
Nikita: bustah wolf
Mymla: https://youtu.be/YcjNXrALOns?t=5
Erika: I remember in one of the early eps of attack on Titan one of the characters says something I'm German and holy lol
Mymla: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TXTpik5wf4
Mymla: this one I think I rewinded like three times trying to make out what they meant
Mymla: I had no idea
Mymla: I just gave up
Alexander: Symphogear engrish is great.
Matteo: I only found atrocious italian names in JoJo, haven't heard any attempt at spoken language
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRivqBxbHRs
Nikita: thank god theres a cover of this song by an actual german person
Erika: hah
Nikita: disclaimer: I watched Kill La Kill for the plot you cannot pin anything on me you dirty cops
Mymla: what's wrong with kill la kill?
Nikita: n-nothing
Mymla: mmo champion is magical
Mymla: http://www.mmo-champion.com/threads/2051524-If-two-girls-could-make-a-baby
Mymla: this thread is magical
Mymla: It'd be a disaster. They'd soon decide to bring us back but will never work out how because scientific progress stopped as soon as the last man died

edit:

No more penis jokes, Women's Football will be the only type of Football, STEM faculties closed. Imagine the horror
Mymla: You forgot to think about the great sex war that would break out when this tech becomes available. Mass rapes and killings of woman by militant males. You cant just peacefully remove all males :P
Mymla: I like women. I really do, but there is a reason why men are better in literally 99,9% of stuff including cooking.

A man even won woman of the year in 2015.

Men need women and women need men. And it is good that way.

And why you even worrying. Somehow we managed to discover 500 new genders in 2016 and threw away all scientific research the smartest people of the last 3000 years made.
Nikita: um excuse me according to anime women are incredibly shit at cooking
Mymla: If two girls could make a baby one of them would be a man.
Mymla: the feminazi would control the world even more so than they already do and a few breeders would be kept around as mere curiosities and for those few jobs that the majority of low testosterone females are still not suited to perform.
Mymla: I'm dying this thread is the best
Mymla: Men wouldn't go extinct, they'd just be kept in cages where we could occasionally use you to open jars and get rid of moths and spiders.
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34dJ7nheBaw
Nikita: whiel we're at it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GInZ4oQhhzE
Mymla: I'm not sure who alex jones is
Mymla: but he is my new favorite person
Nikita: conspiracy nut
Nikita: like the kinda that belives in the New World Order
Mymla: his face when he realizes hillary is better at opening jars than he is
Mymla: is he a gay frog
Nikita: actually that was staged to show that hillary is not sick which is the hot new thing alt-right and conspiracy nuts believe
Nikita: 2016 has the worst conspiracies
Nikita: the best plot thing tha happens in Tales of Symphonia is Colette losing her voice
Nikita: Oh god I forgot that Symphonia has the worst fake character death scene
Nikita: "Colette learned Judgement."
Nikita: then again nothing about the first 10 hours of that game is subtle
Erika: can't log in since my phone with the square enix token broke, can't remove my token since... I dunno it just doesn't like the one I saved or I forgot my password or something
Erika: can't change my password since I need the token haha
Alexander: Did you not save the emergency removal code anywhere?
Erika: I did but it doesn't seem to like the password/code combo I thought it was
Erika: not sure if I forgot my password or I'm looking at an old token removal code orrrr
Alexander: RIP?
Erika: ^
Erika: fuck's sake
Nikita: glad I dont use the token
Nikita: mostly because I forgot my super special question
Erika: I duidn't use any proper secret answers because I didn't realise at the time that square enix was more secure than a bank
Nikita: same
Erika: definitely not making that mistake again
Nikita: you probably need to hire shadowrunners to get back your account now
Mymla: alternatively call support
Erika: they close at 6pm
Erika: so does the chat
Nikita: what kind of shit customer support closes
Erika: well
Erika: I could tell you of one such company
Nikita: unrelated: new Monster Factory came out yesterday, love them boys
Matteo: https://thefpl.us/episode/201
Erika: gonna just link this again https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODZE5peUfWQ
Liam: now to spend it all on dues ex microtransactions
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WouM3AgVB2o
Liam: sort of related
Liam: in that it's about crazy people
Liam: https://twitter.com/Hideki_Naganuma/status/771083290547585024
Erika: yes
Erika: yes
Nikita: good excuse to spin the wheel
Matteo: I also dream about weird shit, it's even funnier than his usually
Matteo: Why do people care about his ones
Liam: jim's saying, he saw, you saw, a dream, a vision, of young people crying?
Nikita: I wish you could rename characters in Symphonia just so I could name rename Zelos to Dennis
Erika: https://twitter.com/tragicgay/status/771001805350113282
Erika: https://twitter.com/scatjane/status/771090773991428097
Liam: https://twitter.com/pixelatedboat/status/771124225901928448
Liam: weeping city, i pull aggro of forgall
Liam: he kills me
Erika: Haha
Liam: i say "hey at least i'm doing good dps" in alliance chat
Liam: the reply i get is "stfu about your dps and tank"
Liam: i'm a monk
Erika: Use your fists as armour
Erika: https://twitter.com/porn_horse/status/771127504698380288
Harley: but
Harley: but sonic adventure 2 is a good game.
Harley: not a great one, not a thing of legend. Just good.
Alexander: It's alright. Has good nostalgia value.
Erika: I remember playing it, I got through the first sonic level and then maybe tails level? Then I got to the knuckles level
Erika: And put it down forever
Harley: heh
Erika: The sonic levels were the only reasonably fun thing about those two games at the time imo
Erika: And the tails levels too I think? As they played the same but I might be forgetting
Erika: All the fucking terrible story and cutscenes and all the other slow ass characters did nothing but be a boring obstacle to what would be a fun game
Erika: Same with sonic unleashed and the night levels, what were they thinking?
Erika: Strong opinions about games for children
Matteo: All games are for children and should not be played
Matteo: Not even by children
Matteo: Teach them early life is about managing different levels of dread and despair
Harley: Please, no one should have to watch Shadow the Hedgehog being played.
Erika: Reapfield and Shadow should be a Saturday morning cartoon
Alexander: Shadow the Hedgehog vs Sonic 06 vs Sonic and the Black Knight.
Nikita: welp I guess blizzard servers are on fire
Nikita: for overwatch at least
Harley: overwatch / diablo?
Harley: yeah wow is fine
Harley: https://twitter.com/BlizzardCSEU_EN/with_replies
Harley: @BlizzardCSEU_EN  6m6 minutes ago
Players may be experiencing latency or disconnections. We are investigating this now. #BlizzCS
Nikita: I think when you cannot find a match in overawatch its a bit bigger than latecny or disconnections
Erika: Not saying it's related but it has felt like a pre-patch lull lately, especially when all the exciting stuff is on PTR so the normal server feels a bit lacklustre
Erika: It's been a good opportunity to try trash heroes I'm terrible at but still
Erika: Not really been feeling it lately
Nikita: thats the problem with pre patch
Nikita: especially when you see annoying shit that you know will be fixed in the patch
Nikita: I got pulled by a Roadhog from behind the wall about 5 times yesterday and im not a fan of that
Nikita: I might play 20 minutes of League of Legends I hope you're happy Blizzard
Erika: I doubt they'll be complaining
Matt: Pre-patch lulls? In a blizzard game!?
Nikita: fuck living near a school on 1st of September
Nikita: don't make me nostalgic for high school
Erika: Forgetting that being an adult is better than being a child is a classic mistake
Nikita: I say all that as I go to the post office to pick up a sweet new headset I can afford
Erika: Exactly
Liam: the best thing about being an adult is that you can out and buy a milkshake whenever you want
Erika: Children are bad, actually
Nikita: bullseye
Erika: Hahahaha
Mymla: where are the doritos
Nikita: why do you torture yourself
Matt: Not at a quid fifty it ain't
Matt: Do not do the dew
Nikita: I swear The Dew is always on sale at my local market
Nikita: its so bad
Nikita: 1.5 l is around 1 eurobux I think?
Matt: That seems more reasonable
Nikita: its also not imported so I guess that makes sense
Matteo: This "adult" thing is pretty overrated actually
Matteo: But high school was shit too so welp
Erika: But I'm a spoiled 14 year old American boy
Alexander: I've spent my entire day so far manually patching servers. I'm only just half done.
Alexander: Kill me.
Alexander: I'm so bored. I've 90% automated it. I'm literally just copying files, unzipping them and running some scripts I wrote.
Erika: I did do a little goony shipping though
Liam: i ordered a big box of nerds a while back and it was too many nerds
Liam: i could not get through them all
Erika: Haha
Matt: We're in town shoe shopping for H
Matt: That isn't as fun as sweets but nice to spend some time
Erika: Ooh
Erika: Yeah I got some lipstick I'd been after for a while
Erika: Mighr get a pair of converse in another colour but you don't really need to go browsing for them
Matt: Haha na
Alexander: Shopping for H? How lewd.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/jqba4HJ.jpg
Erika: Crazy frog is dead, all hail emoji
Matteo: Everything is hopelessly fucked today
Erika: Haha
Nikita: in other news this headset is really good and I cannot believe I lived a year in discomfort
Erika: Which one? Was it you who went for the hyperx 2?
Nikita: logitcech g35 if I remember the number right
Matteo: I got the hyperx cloud2
Erika: Aah yes
Erika: Yeah headsets are nice, only thing is I only like using mics if I can hear my own voice
Erika: So I tend to perch one earphone half off my ear
Erika: Otherwise I worry I sound like a deaf grandma
Erika: Still nice to have to play games after 10-11pm too
Liam: https://twitter.com/TalkingSchmidt/status/666686104561651714
Erika: Amazing
Alexander: I like the part where he told the world about it.
Liam: https://twitter.com/JillPantozzi/status/770648162252062720/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
Matteo: Sever
Liam: there was a new pokemon trailer today http://i.imgur.com/B65elBx.mp4
Nikita: oh good Phil Fish is on the latest giant bomb quick look
Nikita: watch that dislike bar grow
Nikita: though at this point Phil Fish Hate feels vintage
Nikita: like fine wine
Erika: I like phil fish and the video game he made #whoa
Erika: I will check that out though
Nikita: turn in your Hardcore Gamer Card
Erika: Super hypercube looks slick as hell and I wanna see more than 2 second clips
Erika: *ONE ENTIRE DAY LATER*
Thank you for contacting the SQUARE ENIX Support Centre.

This email has been sent to notify you that your ticket was received properly. We appreciate your patience and apologise for the delay in responding to your ticket directly.
Matteo: Tell them they made you miss the lore cap for the week and that you're already at 69% of installing wow as a consequence
Erika: It's true
Erika: ... Sort of
Matteo: Affecting production
Matteo: Tag critical
Matteo: Escalate
Liam: ugh where is my frigging ram
Liam: i've been waiting in all day for it
Mymla: call your isp
Mymla: maybe it got lost in the tubes
Liam: i've called the police
Nikita: https://giant.gfycat.com/ReadyColossalHoneyeater.mp4
Erika: God I want super hypercube
Erika: And by that I mean I want to play it at a rich friend's house until I'm bored
Erika: So much style though
Nikita: god help me I played a ranked game of league of legends and it wasnt as bad as I remembered
Matt: is Excalibur down?
Mymla: no
Matt: aww thats a bad answer
Matt: that means its my side
Mymla: owned
Matt: am getting error 2002
Matt: kicking the router fixed it
Nikita: solid wallpaper if anyone wants to update theirs http://imgur.com/a/NNIgx
Erika: I was after some phone wallpaper now that I have a new one
Erika: But yeah cool
Nikita: there's an android version in there too
Erika: Nice
Erika: Alright, got my token removed
Matt: sweet
Mymla: sweet now I can steal your account
Erika: sweet
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cqh-m7ZWIAAnDv9.jpg:large
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/ETT2g4U.gif
Erika: Alright apparently blizzard got bored and updated OW to season 2 a week early
Harley: "There are still people not playing our games?" "Yes im afraid so." "Update Overwatch." *Gasp*
Erika: https://twitter.com/AnorexicRobot/status/771470168719523844
Harley: Thats not a weak point Samus, go for the eyes!
Liam: if you ever wanted to but the castle of illusion remake now is the time to do it, it's being withdrawn from sale soon because of legal stuff and is heavily discounted
Erika: Whoa
Erika: I never played that much actually but i played through the game gear one a buncj
Erika: bunch
Erika: Land of illusion?
Liam: i had world of a illusion starring mickey mouse and donald duck on the megadrive as a kid
Liam: played that bunch with my sister in coop
Harley: i had it too :)
Nikita: can you feel the excitement? http://amomentincrime.com/
Erika: I guess somebody's calculated when its due to finish
Erika: It's taking forever >:( *throws toys out the pram*
Nikita: maybe they started all this a bit too early
Liam: https://twitter.com/kyotorichi/status/771137260754309120
Harley: rip
Matt: bleh, placement matches are painful
Erika: Gonna be hopping on discord for those
Erika: Probably tonight
Matt: fair. I've played 2 and some of the shit I'm seeing makes me sad
Erika: I'm never gonna play comp without mics
Matt: haha
Erika: It's just less fun
Matt: I don't generally mind pubbing them
Alexander: https://twitter.com/playasia/status/771547547668058112
Matt: okay Mercy is fucking ridiculous now
Matt: she gets so many ultis
Alexander: Mercy was always the best. People just didn't know it yet.
Erika: ^
Matt: hey, dont have to convince me she's great
Matt: just happens that she was a bit weak last patch
Matt: and is now fucking absurd
Mymla: I would like to reiterate that mercy is, and has always been, the worst hero
Mymla: for the game that is
Matt: eh, it creates a certain dynamic. see also: Medic
Matt: I wouldn't say it's necessarily a bad one though
Matt: I quite like where the various support ultimates are right now :)
Liam: http://www.wikihow.com/Play-With-Your-Hermit-Crab
Liam: i am currently attempting to get hermit crabs added to space station 13
Erika: https://twitter.com/Bacontotem/status/771587222524964864
Matt: cmon hanjo
Matt: you can do it
Matt: I'm 1-3 at the mo but hopefully my performance in game will help :(
Matt: 1-4 *
Alexander: Thinking about joining up with hanjo?
Nikita: new Rein skin looks kinda weird
Matt: now 1-5, Hanjo here I come
Nikita: hey I saw my first "gg ez"
Matt: haha real chance i
Matt: end 1-9 here :(
Nikita: Eichenwalde is maybe a bit too big
Matt: well, came back from 1-7 to 3-7
Matt: what rank you got for me ow
Matt: 1885
Matt: drop of ~5 ranks from last season, not too bad I guess
Erika: Ah 1885, a fine vintage
Matt: indeed
Matt: not far off gold, hopefully matches from hereon arent a dumpster
Matt: (they will be)
Liam: https://twitter.com/evilbmcats/status/771685133485170689
Harley: A+ chat
Harley: cat*
Harley: Meowers
Erika: https://twitter.com/RefurbTheCat/status/771721293599117313
Matt: I'm glad Refurb became famous
Harley: http://i.imgur.com/VLQirQQ.jpg
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEIUwjLyPVI&feature=youtu.be&t=4
Nikita: So far this Overwatch patch seems pretty solid
Nikita: Apart from Mei's Frozen Wasteland
Matt: I already loved playing Mei
Matt: now its even better?
Matt: Mercy is really fucking absurd though now
Nikita: Her ult 8s hella big now
Nikita: There will be no escape
Nikita: cannot comment on Hanjo's Logs becuse whenever he kills me they always feel like logs
Mymla: does ana shoot logs?
Harley: Nap Time
Erika: 1-3 so far fuck yeah
Erika: last match we got so thoroughly owned, pretty sure they were all super high rank before
Nikita: we are all hajo
Matt: yay!
Erika: What's the ladder? 500 points per tier?
Matt: sorta
Matt: Bronze (1-1499), Silver (1500-1999), Gold (2000-2499), Platinum (2500-2999), Diamond (3000-3499), Master (3500-4000), Grandmaster (4000-5000).
Matt: once you hit a tier, you can't lose it
Erika: Cool
Matt: played more overwatch today than I think I ever have
Matt: am 5-2 post-placement :)
Erika: Nice
Erika: Tempting to play more but kinda wanna lie down and watch Mr Robot and drink sake
Erika: Weeb juice
Mymla: does sake even taste good?
Alexander: Yes. Especially if you warm it up.
Mymla: I always figured it'd taste like weak vodka
Erika: yeah it's lovely warm
Alexander: Doesn't taste anything like vodka as far as I remember. Not had vodka in ages.
Mymla: vodka tastes like alcohol mixed with water
Erika: My ghetto warming method
Alexander: Mine is a saucepan of hot water.
Mymla: how
Mymla: british
Erika: https://twitter.com/Cat_Cosplay/status/771740959256174592?s=09
Liam: i will never ever skip the intro or outro on jojo part 4
Liam: just got up to achtung baby
Liam: joeseph still the best jojo at 80
Liam: https://vt.tumblr.com/tumblr_ocu2jkkVra1trlzo4_480.mp4#_=_
Liam: so interesting final fantasy xv news: it seems the game takes place over 10 years
Matteo: irl
Liam: yes
Mymla: 87600 hours of gameplay
Mymla: pretty good value for :50bux:
Erika: I also saw a thing that detailed the game's structure from beginning to end in a headline and like
Erika: I'd really rather not know this stuff
Erika: and just try and enjoy tje game and see where it goes
Nikita: Now what do they mean by all this
Nikita: Intro 8 years old, rest of the game 18?
Nikita: It's still technically over ten years in bullshit speak
Erika: I like the idea and I had a feeling that might happen going off of a trailer I saw but yeah
Erika: having a blatant spoiler be part of the hype machine is kinda shitty
Erika: but also the kind of thing that square enix would do given their marketing for the game :/
Alexander: That kind of thing is why I'm getting annoyed at Nintendo with Pokemon Sun and Moon where it seems like they just want to show off everything before it's even out.
Nikita: Most of their games recently*
Nikita: Welcum to bideo gams in 2016 fuckers
Nikita: Though I guess Hitman seems pretty clean minus the whole "uh it's episodic now"
Velcio: You guys say you don't like Wow that much but returning to it to level makes me realise how many things that game does better mechanically
Velcio: I need to put out an effort message later on but like...
Nikita: I don't think anyone denies that ff14 is casual trash for babies
Velcio: Relic weapon equivalent unlocked right at the beginning of the expansion, meaningful leveling for it, random NPC s wanting to see my weapon and marveling it and that leveling the weapon up...
Velcio: Glamour system that is account wide and doesn't require inventory space
Velcio: Afaik if you've completed a quest it'll give you access to the item choices in it as glamour...
Alexander: Account wide non-inventory glamour system sounds amazing. Half my retainer storage is glamour clothes.
Mymla: problem with wow glamour though
Mymla: is that wow gear looks like shit
Velcio: Relic weapon has an actual ability and customisation, dunno how it'll work at cap but now I'm making decisions
Mymla: also, you have to remember
Velcio: Yeah character animations and sister isn't as pretty
Mymla: that the artifacts were literally just added
Velcio: Sister? Wtf
Velcio: Appearance
Alexander: Interesting typo.
Velcio: I don't like movement though
Mymla: is your sister on your mind a lot?
Mymla: but no, velcio
Mymla: I like wow
Mymla: it's a good game
Nikita: That's a hell of a Freudian slip
Mymla: it's just that ffxiv is better
Velcio: Ffxiv has more methodological dancing between aoe
Velcio: Which I like
Alexander: I've never played WoW. Probably never will.
Velcio: I'm on a phone
Mymla: I'm playing wow right now because it just released a new expansion and I've pretty much finished ffxiv in every sense of the word
Mymla: until 3.4
Velcio: Using swipe
Velcio: Will have to see how wow is at cap though
Velcio: Might go to garbage
Mymla: I haven't done any world quests yet
Mymla: but from what I've heard, they sound like fates
Velcio: The story has to much baggage
Mymla: and fates are fine if you come across them when you're leveling
Mymla: but when you're actually having to do them for something important, they quickly get annoying
Alexander: The amount of old stuff there is to work through puts me off ever playing WoW.
Velcio: It's done fucking stupid meta power level shit
Velcio: Gone
Velcio: To
Mymla: also yeah, lol at wow's story
Alexander: I think I'd never bother with XIV if I hadn't started in ARR.
Mymla: it is so impressively bad at this point
Velcio: XIV is way worse about getting through old stuff though
Mymla: not really imo
Mymla: because the old stuff in ffxiv is good
Mymla: so getting through it is actually fun
Velcio: I had guild mate saying that when he realised he'd have to go though old content patches
Nikita: Is the Illidan son of light and dark shit real?
Velcio: They just quit
Mymla: yeah but people have shit taste
Velcio: So leveling potion has a spot
Mymla: yes, illidan is now kerrigan
Velcio: Also the gameplay is shit there
Mymla: "let's take the worst thing out of starcraft 2 and put it in wow" -Blizzard
Mymla: if anything has bad low level gameplay though, it's wow
Nikita: How grating is the word "prepared" to you now?
Nikita: I don't play WoW and it hurts me
Velcio: In wow I was in at an ancient spectral academy fetching books for a scholar about different beasts and then fight them with a funky graphical effect like it looked I was in a book
Velcio: Also drawing magical circles with my feet
Mymla: in ffxiv I was in an ancient library fighting sentient books with funky jazz background music
Velcio: But the mechanics are the same as ever
Velcio: And so is the presentation
Velcio: Also fuck telegram for not having discrete names for channel and contacts
Velcio: I don't want to advertise my real name on this channel nor my gaming nick to my contacts
Erika: just noticed the in the group info I have the option to "Upgrade to supergroup"
Erika: which is kind of ominous
Nikita: I think you become a political party when you upgrade to a supergroup
Nikita: Or a terrorist cell
Alexander: I was thinking about all-star pop bands.
Velcio: Or a Turkish coup
Alexander: Aren't they called supergroups?
Velcio: Time for groceries and a run so I don't hate myself
Nikita: I bet isis is really happy about the supergroup member increase
Matt: I started ff14 in HW and the L50 2.x content needs streamlining BADLY
Matt: Took me a long time to slog through
Matt: Else the old story is good??
Erika: Well I got 2307 in OW
Mymla: I got 110 in wow
Matt: Nice rating :)
Liam: i rate you 4 and a half stars
Alexander: not hanjo/10
Erika: https://twitter.com/tazzerk/status/772041946869137408
Nikita: 1000 hours of Overwatch nbd
Nikita: Overwatch has been our for around 90~ days
Nikita: that's 2160 hours
Nikita: unless my math is wrong and it is you have to play 12~ hours every day
Erika: Haha
Erika: I'm glad you did the maths
Erika: That's ridiculous
Alexander: That's a lot of Overwatch. Must have many poopsocks.
Faissal: Me and a friend just booked tickets to go to tokyo japan in march-april next year. Do you guys have any advice on stuff we need to visit/ try out or see? We have never been to japan and we have no clue what to do there
Erika: Whooooa
Erika: So jealous
Mymla: yes you must go to comiket
Mymla: buy a copy of every hentai doujin
Faissal: We will visit akihabara
Faissal: But i want to get trough customs when i get back. So no hentai doujins on my way back.  I can send you one via post though
Erika: Haha
Erika: Only the freakiest shit will make mymla feel anything
Alexander: I want to go to Japan. But it'll never happen. Climbing Mt Fuji sounds pretty great.
Erika: Ooh good idea
Faissal: Mt fuji does sound neat
Nikita: I joke about weeaboos but japan might actually be the coolest place on earth to visit
Nikita: and if you're gonna be in akihabara might as well find the Eorzea Cafe
Nikita: if it's still alive
Faissal: Theres an eorzea cafe?
Nikita: http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/Eorzea_Cafe
Faissal: Does sound neat.  Hope itll be good
Faissal: We are gonna stay there for 3 weeks.  So plenty of time to check most stuff out. I hope
Erika: Yeah should be
Erika: Did you book flights with klm?
Faissal: China air
Erika: Aah
Erika: Would love to do the same
Faissal: Klm was a alot more expensive
Faissal: While i dont mond blowing money on this vacation. Id rather save money where i can
Faissal: Ive alloted myself a budget of 3000 euros.   Hope i dont indulge and go over it.
Alexander: Part of what puts me off would be going on my own.
Faissal: Id go with you
Faissal: In fact if u wanr to join. U are welcome
Liam: let's all go to japan
Erika: Wooooo
Alexander: I don't really have the money to go to Japan right now. Especially with how screwed the pound is.
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io6Jg8dCXc8
Erika: Fuck the pound, id go
Faissal: There will always be an excuse to not go
Liam: see if you can find one of those used panties vending machines
Erika: They're on every corner
Erika: You know how out high street has people holding signs for directions to sales, they have hello kitties holding signs pointing to used panties vending machines
Nikita: Truly a magical sign
Erika: I made an important update to raidbot
Erika: some of the libraries I'd imported and modified were indented with 2 spaces instead of 4
Erika: I mean what the fuck, right
Erika: so I fixed that
Erika: the end
Nikita: Haha yeah I definitely understand that yup
Nat: Roundabout
Erika: Hi raidbot
Erika: Imagine the person whose code I reused was hitler
Erika: Basically that
Nikita: I can imagine that
Liam: https://67.media.tumblr.com/3d898cf8749339a162898163aa518c94/tumblr_obp7ahYK8T1rrftcdo1_500.jpg
Erika: Haha
Faissal: I refuse to believe that used panties vending machines are a real thing.  I can imagine new panties but no way they sell used
Matt: Used pants are big business
Nikita: You underestimate Japanese salary men
Matteo: Those two extra indentations are a serious drain on resources and I'm appalled at this blatant waste of our money
Matteo: That we pay
Nikita: Happy 13:37 fellow gamers
Mymla: he said, at 12:37 pm
Matt: 11:37am
Mymla: go away portugal we don't like your kind around these parts
Nikita: This timezone is the only one that matters
Liam: portugal and england have the longest political alliance in history
Nikita: What about Obama and SATAN?
Velcio: I'm the only one who shares this timezone here and I read this message from my bed
Mymla: thta's not a political alliance
Mymla: it's a marriage
Mymla: a GAY marriage
Nikita: Polyamorous gay marriage
Nikita: He's already in a gay marriage with Michelle
Erika: hey
Erika: hey
Erika: https://twitter.com/Goons_TXT/status/771860404830101504
Nikita: Hot take: Chrono Cross is good
Liam: i should play it someday
Nikita: Even if the plot goes batshit at some point
Liam: i was never quite as in love with chrono trigger as everyone else seems to be but i did like it and completed the ds version 100%
Nikita: But that's what you get with time travel
Faissal: Never played chrono trigger
Liam: it's good
Liam: best thing about it imo is that it has a lot of false endings thanks to being a time travel game
Nikita: As far as jrpgs go Trigger holds up in 2016 Imo
Faissal: Hmm. Might go and search for a copy.
Faissal: Such a shame it isnt on psn
Liam: it does the whole time travel thing really well in general
Liam: play the ds version
Liam: if you can find a copy that is
Faissal: Worst case scenario. Ill pirate it
Nikita: Xenogears and Chrono Trigger are the pillars of good Square
Liam: i'm glad nintendo rescued the xeno franchise
Nikita: I wish somebody saved the Valkyrie Profile franchise before square turned the third game into Lightning Returns
Nikita: Instead we get Star Ocean 4
Faissal: Im still salty on what they did with parasite eve
Nikita: I'm not done with the 3rd Birthday Lp yet but I can see why it's awful
Nikita: The fact that it takes me forever to get through it is proof enough
Nikita: It's so goddamn boring
Faissal: I liked the gameplay
Faissal: It was pretty good
Faissal: The story was just utter shit
Liam: her clothes tear off don't they
Liam: 3rd birthday came out about the same time as other m didn't it?
Liam: a dark time for female protagonists
Nikita: Oh boy Giant Bomb started another endurance run
Nikita: Here's a subtle hint at what game they're playing
Nikita: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eB_pL4kMdQc
Liam: https://twitter.com/qscet/status/772486544213086208
Liam: https://twitter.com/qscet/status/772486544213086208
Erika: That's some internet
Nikita: theres gameplay of FF XV coming from PAX west and man it still looks kinda awkward
Matteo: I clicked the big 4chan text dump a few tweets below that
Matteo: I was probably better before doing so
Mymla: 7/10 walk the dinosaur story
Liam: that is quite the greentext
Liam: and to think it's all factually accurate too
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/NaYemUQ.jpg
Erika: https://twitter.com/haertsisnoob/status/736759554927656960
Erika: Good morning
Nikita: clothes are censorship
Velcio: Truly, I want all the Bobs
Nikita: RLM re:view of Blair Witch reminded me how good the original movie is and that I have no reason at all to be excited for the new one
Nikita: arguably the best sequel to Blair Witch is Marble Hornets
Nikita: that also spawned a shitload of awful games
Erika: I haven't seen it since it was new and kinda feel like it's probably better that way
Erika: But yeah it was good at the time
Faissal: Ah theres a new blair witch movie?
Faissal: Does it hold up
Nikita: its coming out innn October maybe?
Faissal: Oh
Nikita: September 16th in the US
Nikita: it looks like your average horror movie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=girSv9UH_V8
Erika: What else is coming out that's in any way interesting? Rogue One looks cool from a casual non-fangirly star wars liker
Nikita: Doctor Whitewashing feat Cumberbun Cabbagepatch
Nikita: and thats about it
Erika: Oh is that a comic book thing?
Nikita: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSzx-zryEgM
Erika: http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Movie-Releases-2016-Movie-Release-Date-Schedule-109257.html well guess I'm gonna rely on indie/foreign movies then
Erika: Would still like to see neon demon even if it's supposedly not a masterpiece
Erika: I want more neo-80s colours in my eyeballs
Nikita: I just noticed Mads Mikkelsen is in Doctor Strange
Faissal: Sully is looking semi intresting
Faissal: Ben hur was good despite the out of nowhere ending
Nikita: Love the fact that somebody decided to reclaim(?) Birth of a Nation
Nikita: I hope they like not making money
Erika: Sorry, is this a typo or something
Erika: Underworld 5???
Nikita: hell yeah you know it Underworld: Blood Wars
Erika: Oh well, I have a few on my to watch list I guess
Nikita: and while we're at it, Resident Evil in 2017 jan too
Erika: But it's rare that in super in the mood for a movie so I have to pick wisely
Nikita: the 7th Resident Evil movie apparently
Erika: I do want to host movie nights though and get some people round to watch really good movies like Akira
Erika: Haha
Erika: Another soft reboot?
Nikita: well its called the Final Chapter so probably not
Alexander: I need to re watch Akira.
Nikita: RE movies have the worst fucking subtitles
Nikita: Apocalypse, Afterlife, Retribution, Extinction, The Final Chapter
Nikita: good luck putting them in order
Nikita: I also need to rewatch Akira and wanted to for the past oh maybe 4 years
Faissal: Never seen akira
Alexander: Shame.
Erika: Now you can get a sweet 1080p bluray/rip with whichever audio track you like
Erika: Get on it
Harley: Saw Akira once and I hated it.
Harley: maybe I'd enjoy it now? Dunno.
Faissal: Was it the 80s anime movie?
Harley: ye
Faissal: Thats the only thing that rings a bell when i hear akira
Alexander: Get Erika to invite you to her Akira watching.
Nikita: my brain autocorrected that to "Akira wedding"
Liam: akira themed wedding
Nikita: its better than an Evangelion themed wedding
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/s1NWVxQl.jpg
Erika: k
Alexander: I like to think the guy's daughter is cosplaying the dog and it's not just a plush.
Alexander: Then again, anime fans shouldn't be allowed to breed.
Faissal: Why shouldnt they be allowed? They cant anyway.
Nikita: it took me 5 minutes of staring at that picture
Nikita: the 1# Dad coffe mug helped a lot
Alexander: Yeah, that was the most important bit.
Nikita: something something daddy appropriation
Matt: Alice's reaction in that video is fucking hilarious
Erika: haha
Erika: I remember that thread
Nikita: at some point twitter will evolve to just people shouting "DISCOURSE" at each other
Nikita: woke af fam
Nikita: dont @ me
Erika: woker than thou
Erika: The Pokemon go vid is actually good though, it's a videogamer.com thing
Matt: it's a shame 2 of their better talents just left :P
Erika: Yeah
Liam: i dont like the new jojo part 4 intro as much as crazy noisy bizarre town
Nikita: it fits the new theme though
Nikita: and I took a peek at the SA DX:MD thread and they're writing a better story for the game than the one we got via side quests
Nikita: or maybe is the actual story because we got a chopped up game
Nikita: tldr DX Actualy Might  Really Really Like Metal Gear
Liam: i like jotaro a lot more now that he's older and mellowed out
Liam: and also he has a big badge with two dolphins making a heart shape
Nikita: The animation in the latest ep is top notch by the way
Erika: Uh oh
Matt: just send it back lol
Nikita: http://i.imgur.com/1hrOIbW.gif?noredirect
Erika: send it back?
Erika: I was talking about busting out the pi again
Erika: I'm gonna make a KITCHEN COMPTUER
Erika: spelt like that
Matt: nice
Matt: I'd just use a kitchen pooter for recipes
Matt: and a tablet can do that
Erika: we have speakers there already to plug phones into, wanna see if I can get spotify or something similar to work
Erika: also hve the bills spreadsheet and whatever else
Erika: since uuuuuuhhh some people don't like paying them apparently and I'm afraid of going hungry as a result
Erika: sorry I'm airing my dirty laundry and that's lame
Erika: it's an excuse to get my linux on
Liam: that all looks like techno wizadry to me
Liam: is it the matrix
Matt: na its fine to bitch about shitty housemates :P
Erika: it's the matrix, starring keanu reeves
Liam: whoa
Erika: "I didn't ask for this" - Neo, The Matrix (1999)
Erika: immediately SSH in so I don't have to go to the effort of unplugging my keyboard and plugging it in again somewhere a few centimetres away
Nikita: Who's Neo I only know New played by Christopher Reeve in the world famous movie by the Coen brothers The Pattern
Alexander: I do that with my Pi. SSH is life.
Alexander: Using vi is kind of addicting.
Alexander: The more I use it, the less I want to use any other text editor.
Erika: I'm definitely not there yet
Erika: but I've learned how to modify a text file and save it which makes me feel like a genius
Alexander: i -> type -> Esc -> :w
Alexander: I'm far from perfect at vi yet, but it's just so good.
Alexander: I use it all the time at work.
Velcio: This Japanese big brother TV series is really good.
Velcio: Gotten one of my friends hooked on it
Velcio: And another watching it and his girlfriend really likes it apparently
Velcio: Terrace house
Velcio: I hate reality TV but this thing is incredible
Matt: what actually makes Vi good?
Erika: kitchenpi lives!
Erika: https://i.imgur.com/w7Qw8Dk.jpg
Liam: just got up to that spiky headed little shit and harvest
Liam: also having never read the manga, i like josuke quite a lot, he is a good jojo
Alexander: Vi is powerful and once you learn the commands and keys, very quick to use without taking your hands off the keyboard. Plus you only need a terminal to run it.
Alexander: You can also generally rely on it being installed on Linux out of the box, and it's far better to use than, say, ed.
Velcio: Sorry, plugging this for the last time
Velcio: https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3426240&pagenumber=36&perpage=40#post463932494 My terrible post
Velcio: Might try and make a thread with proper English if I manage to drink enough to surpass the shame of making one
Velcio: Also the only real text editor is pico
Erika: uh oh
Velcio: Hey I didn't say emacs
Erika: Nah pico is fine, as is nano
Erika: I'm sure vi is powerful but the only reason I need to edit text in a Linux terminal is to change one line of a config file or whatever so I have no reason to learn beyond insert, change, save and exit
Velcio: I wish I could become a vim power user
Erika: https://twitter.com/KazHiraiCEO/status/767800389165060096
Faissal: The best twitrer account
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUGcnH1HTHA
Nikita: the OG Deus Ex theme is so good
Erika: How about the Deus Ex Go theme? That games out now
Erika: I should really get it, Lara croft go owned
Nikita: I heard it has kinda hilarious writing
Nikita: in that it has writing in a GO game
Erika: Hah
Erika: That's a but off-putting, I liked that Lara croft had no words and the story is "there's a big dragon snake thing I guess"
Alexander: I'm disappointed it's not a Deus Ex AR game.
Nikita: speaking of, Mr Robot apparently has a really good mobile game
Nikita: or at least a pretty unique one
Erika: I was pretty sad to have caught up now
Erika: There have been some crazy episodes and this season has been so unique and weird
Nikita: still slowly making my way through Stranger Things
Erika: I did that in about 2 sessions
Erika: Nice to still have TV shows that make me wanna do that
Erika: I wasn't blown away by it like everyone else but it was really fun
Alexander: I'd never heard of any of these shows until you guys talked about them here.
Nikita: I usualy cannot binge shows with 50 minute episodes
Nikita: which is why im on ep 5 of Stranger Things
Nikita: the cop that looks like Jack Nicholson is cool
Erika: Mr Robot I've done 2 episodes at a time too
Erika: Yeah it seemed like he was gonna be a massive dick
Erika: But he wasn't and it's like hey cool
Liam: stragner things subverts a few 80s stereotypes like that
Liam: my hellfire claws are augmented
Nikita: I wouldn't need quelling strikes if the tanks were good
Nikita: Hth
Mymla: I usually don
Mymla: 't need quelling strikes
Liam: https://twitter.com/BrettRedacted/status/727210004365885442
Liam: boy i wish it didn't show the last image first
Liam: that kind of spoils it
Nikita: It still works as a small preview
Erika: That's how marketing works now anyway
Matteo: Quelling strikes is more dps, so if you don't have it you're probably the worst person on earth
Matteo: Or close
Liam: worse than trump?
Nikita: Yes
Nikita: As a person who doesn't live in the US a reads the internet for 12 hours during a night shift I am grateful for Trump and all the schadenfreude he provides
Nikita: Fuck Black Mages
Mymla: trump wants to use WAR LB3
Nikita: I don't think I've seen one ever
Mymla: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e2mYic_qck
Nikita: Seen plenty of DRK lb3s because fuck people who play DRK
Mymla: I guess PLD LB3 would actually be closer to what trump wants to do
Mymla: at least he doesn't want to BLM LB3 mexico
Mymla: or idk, maybe he does want to do that
Mymla: isn't dragoon's strongest limit break usually called "highwind"
Mymla: I know it is in ffxiii
Mymla: probably in 7 as well?
Liam: https://twitter.com/ClickHole/status/773264742098018304
Liam: https://twitter.com/drewtoothpaste/status/773260193618534400
Nikita: Part Two of the 3.4 live letter is next week on the 15th by the way
Nikita: Might actually just skip this one, 27th is not that far
Liam: i'm sure i'll hear all about it anyway
Nikita: And they'll probably show bits of new dungeons and new trial
Nikita: The fact that I'll be on my way to the fatherland on that day for a short vacation helps
Nikita: They do make good trailers though
Liam: new ace attorney game this week as well
Matt: got round to watching that Go 8-Bit show
Matt: was expecting very little and turned out to be pretty damn fun
Nikita: Ps4 is down to 310 euros
Nikita: Tempted to get it in like November
Nikita: We'll see what Sony announces tomorrow
Erika: I have one or two radical predictions
Erika: A slimmer PS4? That would be crazy and unexpected. But maybe also like... a newer version of a PS4. Something like a "Neo" PS4, one might say
Faissal: Vita 3.0 would be swell
Erika: I'm not really sure what vita could have done other than more aggressive marketing? Maybe less of a focus on making portable versions of big budget console games, I mean it's a novel idea and quite impressive but must cost a lot of money compared to the indie games, handheld-friendly games (what the 3DS does better) and the Japanese niche
Erika: And people catching on fairly quickly to the fact that if you try to shrink down a big cinematic cover shooter consolefest you're only gonna end up with a middling game at best
Alexander: Vita has some games I want, but not enough to get a Vita for.
Erika: The screen is nice and the controls and two analogue sticks are lovely
Alexander: Plus, God Eater came out on PC recently, so that's one less game.
Alexander: See, the old Vita screen was nice. Vita 2.0 over us worse because they scrapped OLED.
Alexander: Also autocorrect is great!
Erika: Yeah I have the original screen, not sure what the oled looks like
Alexander: OLED is the original. They put a far cheaper one in the 2.0.
Alexander: Another reason I have not to get one.
Erika: Oh yeah, well you know what I mean
Erika: They're worth it if you can get a cheap second hand one imo
Alexander: Getting an original in good condition is hard at this point.
Alexander: Android 7 easter egg game: cat collecting.
Erika: :o I have a nexus and still have android 6, is 7 out?
Alexander: Yes.
Alexander: I got it last week OTA.
Alexander: I'm on a Nexus 5X.
Erika: Must be a gradual rollout, I'm not getting it with the 5x
Faissal: Vita is still a pretty good console.  Games play nicely on it. Its bigest mistakes were the insane mem cards and no support from sony with regards to aaa games
Alexander: Yeah. It's one of those things that I just don't have enough reason to get.
Erika: It looks like the main thing with android 7 is better notifications/quick switches which I am all for
Erika: But my phone is being blatantly discriminated against with the lack of OTA update
Alexander: Like I said, I also have a 5X and I've had it for a while.
Nikita: my favourite recent dumb thing with ps4 is that even after some journo released an unboxing video some still said the ps4slim is fake
Nikita: I mean why wouldnt you 3d print a working(?) ps4
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgj57Zl2QbY
Alexander: This is clearly the best feature.
Erika: I don't get it but I want it
Erika: Whatever it is
Alexander: You put food out in the notification shade and get cats.
Matt: fucking yes?
Nat: I have internet again!
Matteo: My android phone is a shitty Polish off brand on 4.2, that I am pretty sure will get destroyed as soon as I have nothing less expensive at arms's reach to break in some angry fit
Matteo: Cat free
Matteo: Wouldn't want to hurt the cats
Liam: my phone is alright apart from the fact it has no micro sd slot
Liam: so i have to make do with 16gb of internal memory
Nikita: my phone is also fine apart from the metal case
Nikita: so if the battery dies I might as well throw it out
Matteo: Every time I try to figure out memory allocation for these pieces of shit I stop because that would accelerate their demise by sledgehammer
Matteo: Whatever I install counting against the "internal archive" which is the amount of RAM and not the storage space is a thing that my old retarded brain can't parse very well without seeing red
Matteo: Searching the internet for mobile technical information is that public toilet scene from Trainspotting
Erika: Yay!
Erika: How did you manage it?
Nat: Asked the landlords nicely if I could go in.
Erika: This is now A Thing so it's standard for all phones afaik, means you can charge way more for the 32gb version
Nat: So they had to grab an entire van full of subcontractor blokes to clear the doorway
Erika: It's rubbish
Erika: But ah well, hasn't been so much of a problem since I started using Spotify
Nat: Just so I could go in awkwardly to pull out a plug or two and put them back in again whole they all watched
Nat: And then they had to do the boards up again haha
Nat: Super awkward
Nat: Thanks, raidbot
Nat: You're always there to help
Erika: Likewise my job has occasionally involved googling about the intricacies of x265 multiplexing, and you usually get 4 results max
Erika: The answer is usually in there to be fair but it is not a popular corner of tech
Erika: I imagine for mobile data stuff you have to go to 260 page long threads on an android forum where people barely speak English
Erika: Wow crazy, glad they obliged though!
Matteo: It's popular, in the "HOW DO I DOWNLOAD PHOTO" sense
Matteo: Add the half a billion different devices and no one will ever touch a more complex question with a fishing rod
Alexa: What???
Erika: Hehe
Erika: Is how you use it
Erika: Or
Alexa: That's amazing
Alexa: German nob cheese >.<
Erika: Whoa. Never seen that before
Erika: Hehe German would be de
Alexa: YAAAAAAAAASSSS
Alexa: <3
Erika: Hehe
Erika: same
Matteo: I will not accept overdrafts Inuyasha, you are broke, I am serious
Erika: I switched off raidbot for a sec IM SORRY
Matteo: I'm pretty sure that vgm will never be the same Nikita requested
Matteo: It's too late
Erika: Wanted to check the bag o' quotes so far and it's 212kb, not bad
Liam: yep, that's a reddit
Erika: That's always reddit
Erika: At least with goons.txt you can laugh at people
Erika: Rather than despair for humanity
Liam: that doesn't look like a catboy to me
Matt: No quite a few don't
Alexander: That's definitely a boy.
Alexander: But that's not a cat.
Alexander: Try harder raidbot.
Matteo: The lack of pants seems more defining than cat ears
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwoGrDa5g2c
Nikita: I discovered Ann Coulter last week at work and hoo boy
Liam: all those insults are great but wow jimmy carr is really going for it there
Matt: Yeah I mean I don't have a lot of time for Jimmy Carr and this video didn't improve that
Nikita: in case anyone here doesnt know who Ann Coulter is she's a confusing and hateful human being
Nikita: confusing in that she appears to not have any issues with LGBT people except she doesnt want them to marry
Matteo: She would be popular here
Nikita: and really really likes murder
Nikita: her post 9/11 suggestions were more or less "nuke the middle east"
Liam: she is the american version of katie hopkins
Liam: an utterly vile person
Nikita: and the most confusing statement she made is that if women didnt have the right to vote Obama would never have been elected and things would have been better
Nikita: so we should take away women's right to vote
Alexander: Take away everyone's right to vote, then Obama can't be elected.
Nikita: same
Matteo: Why the fuck would you let people vote
Mymla: elect leaders based on ffxiv ilvl
Alexa: Omg it should be called TRANSBOT cause all I'm going to use it for is translating >.<
Alexa: YAAAAAAASSSSS
Erika: :D
Erika: Amazing idea
Nikita: god no
Nikita: i'd rather have Trump than a hardcore raider
Mymla: feast rating?
Matteo: I'm bronze, bow down you shits
Alexander: I'd vote for Kan-E-Senna.
Erika: Showing my friend raidbot and she got a pro catboy
Erika: https://twitter.com/catboys_bot/status/773294048308240384
Nikita: all hail our new president Vandes Aan
Erika: Anyway uuh yes video games
Nikita: first order of business is to remove social security benefits, fucking casuals
Alexa: <3
Alexa: Booooo
Mymla: remove welfare gear, remove welfare IRL
Mymla: BOOTSTRAPS
Erika: Good idea though
Matt: Yep thats definitely a pro af catboy
Matt: Bit grumpy maybe
Nikita: and the last words humanity will hear when the president fails to show up for an important security meeting is "may be a little late"
Liam: people listen to coldplay and voted for hitler
Liam: you can't trust people
Erika: God what even is that from
Liam: peep show
Liam: superhans says it
Erika: Yesssss
Nikita: I was initialy put off by the gimmick of that show
Nikita: but then I watched Mitchell and Webb Look about a billion times and decided to give it a go
Nikita: will defnitely watch more
Liam: it's all finished now
Erika: It's so much better
Nikita: slightly related but I listened to a podacast that talked about Aum Shinrikyo yesterday
Liam: maybe they'll do a reunion episode in 20 years and they're still livong together and mark never sees his son any more
Nikita: thank fuck people are incompetent
Nikita: the only reason thousands of people didnt die from sarin gas is that they rushed/fucked up the process and only hospitalized and permanently disabled thousands of people
Nikita: biological weapons are pretty fucked up so thank fuck for bombs
Nikita: anyway, time for my last night shift for this week
Matteo: Battlefield 1 reminded me I know very little about ww1
Matteo: So I listened to the 10 hours or so podcast series by Dan Carlin
Nikita: All I know is trenches and mustard gas
Matteo: The other thing I will now associate with it is really, really, really fucking big artillery
Nikita: Nintendo just announced their first mobile game
Nikita: It's a Mario endless runner
Nikita: I swear I heard giant bomb joke about that on a podcast
Erika: hah
Nikita: Or any other video game podcast it's not that hot of a joke
Erika: hey
Erika: try /heart now
Alexa: Hahahahaha
Alexa: Cute
Erika: And Pokemon go for Apple watch
Nikita: Duh
Nikita: I don't remember the last time I opened pokemon go
Matt: yeah I uninstalled it
Nikita: Every time you pass by a pokes top an electric shock is administered to you
Nikita: Until you check in
Erika: Man the people applauding this canned demo
Matt: people still watch Apple conferences?
Erika: I watch them in all their carefully worded corporate glory
Matt: I think the only thing I watch in that vein is Nintendo Direct
Matt: and even then I don't really do that much any more (but that's more to do with only having a 3ds)
Nikita: Hell yeah swim proof apple watch
Nikita: Hello game changer
Nikita: Final I can hunt for shiny rare pokemon in the ocean
Alexander: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUrRaasNHwI
Alexander: Is Hillary an alien?
Nikita: God bless the US election year
Nikita: And she's a reptilian you fucking PHILISTINE
Nikita: Apple are talking about motivating people to run
Nikita: I don't want to make another joke about electrocution
Nikita: You can control things at home with your iPhone!!!
Nikita: Cannot wait until somebody hacks it and blasts Bring Me To Life by Evanescence at 4 am
Nikita: Or Smashmouth
Nikita: I already wake up with lyrics to All Star in my head so that's perfect
Erika: More commonly known as "smashmouthing"
Nikita: Realtalk that's a thing that happened today
Liam: i had an apple laptop about 8 years ago
Liam: it was shit and i've never owned another apple product since
Erika: I love my iPad mini but don't care for osx at all
Nikita: I had an ipod nano
Nikita: That about it
Matt: I don't think I've ever owned an apple product
Nikita: They don't adjust prices for regions so they're trying to sell an iPhone for 1000 euros in our poor ass country
Nikita: Lol no
Liam: i'll start buying apple products when they pay their tax
Nikita: Sony conference is in about 40 minutes by the way
Erika: Oh cool
Nikita: Where execs pretend like people don't know what's coming
Erika: I was gonna do things like laundry and overwatch tonight but The Man wants me to stay in bed and be marketed to
Liam: someone said they're annoincing a new handheld
Erika: PS Vita Go
Nikita: Ps Vita Go Fuck Yourself
Liam: considering that the world has know about the ps4 slim for about half a year before its annpuncement i doubt they kept that quiet
Nikita: #edgy
Liam: in other news
Liam: https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/shortcuts/2016/sep/07/game-of-thrones-is-angela-lansbury-heading-for-westeros?utm_term=Autofeed&CMP=twt_b-gdnnews#link_time=1473255770
Erika: Nice
Erika: Miyamoto just chilling at the front row of the Apple conference
Nikita: NX by Apple
Nikita: The perfect unison
Alexander: iNX
Erika: I've already lost those wireless headphones
Erika: Not physically but in spirit
Nikita: Thr fuck is lightning headphones
Nikita: And EarPods sounds like a mind control device
Nikita: Or AirPods or whatever the fuck
Nikita: Don't put pods in my ear
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11XjMplfTd4
Nikita: Giant bomb is doing their talk over thing too
Nikita: Giantbomb.com/chat I think
Faissal: Cmon sony. Revive the vita
Nikita: Nah they will publicly execute it instead
Erika: Dis they just imply it's an add-on?
Nikita: All hail Ps4Pro
Nikita: Stop playing like a n00b
Erika: Mark's soothing media trained voice though
Nikita: Cant get the full experience with only one earbud at work
Erika: "over a half dozen titles"
Liam: the ps4 is dead
Liam: all hail the ps4
Nikita: Bloodbornebox
Nikita: Still want to buy it
Nikita: For bloodborne
Nikita: And Persona 5
Liam: i wish i hadn't bought mine so early but seeing as i also only play it for bloodborne
Liam: and maybe ffxv
Liam: its not worth the upgrade really
Liam: oh yeah and peraona 5 too
Liam: and kigdom hearts 3 at some point
Nikita: TBA
Liam: that's about it though
Alexander: What the heck is this robot dinosaur climbing game?
Nikita: Nier Automata if that's your thing
Faissal: Its a hype as fuck game
Faissal: Cant wait for it
Nikita: Though Automata is coming to steam soo
Alexander: I guess climbing robot dinosaurs does seem pretty cool. Never played the original Nier though.
Faissal: Go play nier 1
Erika: I'm gonna wait and see which games the pro supports
Erika: If like persona or ff15 look better and bloodborne gets an upgrade then maybe,
Alexander: >Telling me to play a console game
Faissal: Your loss. Nier was a goddamn gem of a game
Erika: I never got round to it but it sounds good
Alexander: I've also heard it's really long.
Alexander: Ain't got time for that.
Faissal: Its not
Matt: there isnt an announcement that'll get me to buy a console and TV :P
Faissal: Its a standard 16ish hour game
Erika: Hahaha
Alexander: I heard you have to play it through multiple times because the story changes though.
Erika: lmao
Erika: That was a good goof
Faissal: Newgame + is at the halfway point
Faissal: But yes the story does "change"
Faissal: Which is done amazingly
Alexander: There's something about this Activision guy that weirds me out.
Alexander: PS4 Pro is pretty much the new 3DS of home consoles.
Nikita: Pretty sure somebody whispered "his mic's not on, his mic's not on"
Erika: Yeah
Alexander: I heard that too.
Nikita: Woo Netflix?
Faissal: Good price
Faissal: Might grab it
Nikita: Is that huge box powered by a nuclear reactor?
Nikita: Let me tell you about euros
Nikita: Actually euros are a bit better
Nikita: Our old pre 2013 currency was much worse
Nikita: Mostly because it was more or less 1:1 to pounds
Alexander: PS3 slim price isn't too bad.
Nikita: They didn't really sat what's the point of Pro if you don't have a 4k tv
Nikita: Say*
Nikita: I guess it's more powerful but then why buy a slim?
Erika: I guess if I sold my PS4 to get a pro at least there'd be minimal faff with transferring all my games over, disc and digital
Nikita: Surprisingly little about VR also
Erika: but still I'd really like to hear about FFXV
Matt: I think I'd rather buy a 1070 :p
Erika: you should definitely do that
Matt: I will on my first paycheque
Alexander: Buy another 1070 every paycheque for SLI.
Nikita: How much is 1069?
Nikita: 70*
Nikita: It says something about me when autocorrect changes 70 to 69
Alexander: L-lewd.
Erika: From about 380 I think
Erika: Mostly 400-420ish
Erika: Check pcpartpicker for your country
Erika: Having one would be hella fuckin balls to the wall awesome though
Alexander: I wish 1080 wasn't so much more.
Matt: this'll be my first time buying a top-end graphics card at the right time
Alexander: Though realistically I probably need to replace my CPU before anything else.
Alexander: 3570k is starting to flag a bit.
Matt: ha, that's what I'm running with
Matt: and trust me, its my graphics card that's lagging
Alexander: What card do you have?
Matt: 660ti
Matt: I lie, gtx 660
Nikita: I bought a new pc literally last year so I'm not in a hurry to make changed
Alexander: You'll probably end up bottlenecking the other way with a 1070.
Matt: possibly?
Matt: but tbh, I have Erika's monitor as my main (1440p 144hz g-sync)
Alexander: My 3570k maxes itself out on stuff before my graphics card gets stressed hard and I use an AMD R9 390.
Matt: and a 1080p and 900p one at 60hz
Matt: it is 100% my graphics :P
Alexander: Well yeah, 660Ti is pretty damn old.
Matt: sure is :D
Matt: like, maybe it's full upgrade time? haven't done a full upgrade in this house and I've been here 3 years
Alexander: 3570k is 4 years old itself.
Matt: yeah I bought mine Mar 2013
Alexander: I can't even remember when I got mine.
Alexander: Late 2012 maybe?
Nikita: I had my previous for maybe 6 years?
Nikita: I played ff14 on the lowest settings at barely 30 fps for a year
Erika: Having a 1440p144 gsync monitor and a 660 makes me cry
Alexander: Yeah, I can't imagine getting thing to run at 1440p 144fps on it.
Matt: yep I mean it doesnt ngl
Liam: i have a big 4k and it's interesting to see what games run at max resolution
Liam: i can get ffxiv to run at 4k on medium settings at about 20-30fps
Liam: dolphin emulator runs most things at 4k now too which is incredibly cool
Erika: mmm
Erika: I could get back to FF10 with 1440p and a bit of DSR for good measure
Erika: those low detail models would be SO SHARP
Erika: also this is the cheapest 1070 AFAIK https://www.shop.bt.com/products/msi-geforce-gtx-1070-aero-8g-oc-8gb-gddr5-graphics-card-gtx-1070-aero-8g-oc-C5NB.html
Nikita: Belt dress in hd
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwkactM-vm8
Nikita: I expected thr Evangelion OP
Erika: that was great
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/jNON9oE.gif
Erika: https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/t31.0-8/14231832_10101790025218902_8031508622408499083_o.jpg
Matt: Love it
Mymla: that's a shitty magazine
Mymla: lol at the notion of MP ever being a concern for healers
Nikita: Pretty realistic of your average healers sense of self importance
Mymla: I actually get pretty annoyed at tanks who wait for me to regen mana before pulling bosses
Faissal: Whats the best monitor i can get to make the most of the gtx 970?
Matteo: The most aggravating thing about ninja is ping effect on skills, closely followed by tank pull times in pugs (and in organized groups too)
Erika: Sefal the XB270HUbprz ticks literally every box you could want for PC games right now (27" 1440p 144hz g-sync and IPS) and will future proof you for at least 5 years. It's fucking amazing. Brand new games you won't hit the maximum but you'll no longer be bottlenecked at 1080p60, esp. with slightly older games where you can max out that framerate
Faissal: Is 800 euro the right price?
Erika: And it doesn't matter if your framerate wobbles about between 80 and 144 because g-sync smooths out and removes stuttering from variable framerates
Faissal: It does look good
Faissal: It only has a display port?
Erika: It comes with display port and HDMI cables
Faissal: Ah good.
Faissal: Ill look arround for it. Does seem to hit the right nodes for me
Erika: I never really thought about that honestly, but looks like display port to HDMI adapters are easy to get
Erika: It's the only one I could see that does all of that
Erika: I think there's a cheaper Korean knockoff version coming out but it looks ugly as sin
Erika: The bezel and such
Alexander: Should be using DisplayPort anyway.
Erika: It's my first time using a DP cable
Matt: hurr
Erika: hurr
Matteo: The internet makes humanity bad
Matt: the internet truly makes you stupid
Faissal: Its 4ms. 
Is that noticeable lag?
Erika: I had a look into that as I was curious and I can't possibly see how you'd notice that compared to 1ms. But I honestly don't know
Erika: I don't think there's a monitor that does all of that + 1ms
Matteo: In theory it's noticeable, but the listed latency isn't always the same for equivalent values across different models
Matteo: I'm sure there is and costs like 3 computers
Erika: Haha
Matteo: Best bet is looking at hands on reviews
Matteo: Eventually you find some less shilly ones that are somewhat honest
Erika: the lead animator at Pixar would see that and think "pffff that's overkill"
Matteo: When one of my friends opens a message or exchange with  "I've done something really stupid" it's always PC screen related
Alexander: IPS always has slightly more latency than TN, but looks nicer.
Liam: i had a dream that i bought a dreamcast, followed by another dream where i woke up, thought "wow a dream about a dreamcast, i wonder how much they cost nowadays", looked it up on ebay and found it to be too expensive
Liam: then when i actually looked it up it wasn't too bad
Liam: but i don't actually want a dreamcast
Matteo: I borrowed a dreamcast from a friend once, to play soul calibur
Matteo: In exchange I had to level up his PSO character
Matteo: Looked up some guide on gamefaqs, trashed all his shitty unoptimized garbage for casuals, and steamrolled the stuff he couldn't do
Matteo: This is my dreamcast story thanks for listening
Alexander: PSO is pretty great.
Matteo: It was a fun game, but I was having my first cases of cynical disillusion already
Liam: i played a dreamcast once at a friends house about 15 years ago
Matteo: I kept thinking "this is literally diablo in 3rd person"
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/Wlopbrn.gif
Matteo: The cat is faulty
Matteo: Unfit for pet of the day title
Alexander: It's a software glitch. Needs a patch.
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Crcps_TWEAABz8T.jpg:large
Erika: 7/12
Erika: Not bad
Liam: i dont own yoga panta
Alexander: 2. I'm not getting eternally damned enough.
Liam: thug and witch, right?
Alexander: Sure, let's go with that.
Erika: Yeah yoga pants would have easily got me to a cool 8/12 but oh well
Matteo: The only cutter I know is a ship, what's in this context?
Matt: probably self-harm
Liam: yeah
Matteo: Were they running out of ideas to make it symmetrical?
Liam: at last https://t.co/izmcBQkduC
Matteo: Also the solution to such levels of depression reaching self harm is the promise of eternal damnation
Matteo: I hope the church literally burns
Matteo: When no one's in it, but fucking burn that piece of shit
Erika: Ummm no
Liam: that's from the series where timmy was thin
Matt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtqGTn7PCBw
Nikita: cut my wrists and black my eyes
Erika: Ooh la la
Nikita: I wouldnt mind if the band that wrote that chorus line got a bit of the ol' eternal damnation
Alexander: I welcome our sex robot overlords.
Harley: 7/12. Bonus points for anyone who guesses which.
Matt: all 7 of them are Homos
Matt: you're just THAT gay
Erika: No fair
Nikita: does having a waifu count as being an idolator, asking for a friend
Mymla: no, that's just the same as having a spouse
Faissal: Whats an idolator?  Not sure if i should google that @ work. 
Otherwise 2/12. 
Dissapointing
Erika: It's okay, you're still young
Mymla: an idolator is someone who makes idols
Mymla: well, worships idols
Alexander: Well I hate AKB48, so.
Mymla: wrong kind of idol
Harley: Heh.
Nikita: is it, though?
Nikita: pretty sure there is a dude with a shrine built to them that would prove you wrong
Liam: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/09/07/reg_effort_to_attend_iphone_7_launch/?mt=1473345530227
Velcio: This series made me think that ww1 was probably worse in some respects than ww2. The descriptions of shelldhock and 24/7 drumming... Literally drumming of artillery fire... And battlefield turning into swamplands pretty much just...
Velcio: I unironically like AKB48. Kinda. Also hate myself for it. Because it's kinda skewy. Also probably has mafia confections. Promotes unhealthy fan culture and expects members to be "chaste". Is incredibly engineered pop music to maximise revenue. And while disgusted about these things I totally am into some of their songs/videos/mannerisms.
Velcio: Not a fan, like haven't listened to any song in months but...
Alexander: Damn idolator.
Liam: new pheonix wright is out
Matteo: My new outlook on ww1 is summed up by "we have no fucking idea how all this incredibly deadly new shit works, please excuse us while we throw lives at it until we figure out"
Liam: hey we've got this new thing called mechanised weaponry, let's have a war
Matteo: Some showed up a little more prepared than others
Erika: This was a fun read and I enjoyed the callback to "a mealy-mouthed apology"
Faissal: I really want to play phoenix wright to ight. But i got to work overtime tonight. Maybe i can sneak the tutorial in tonight
Erika: I didn't play 4 or 5 but I have fond memories of the original trilogy
Faissal: 4 is ehh. 5 was pretty good
Erika: I was absolutely done by the end of 3 so it's probably good they changed the protagonist
Alexander: Last one I played was Apollo.
Erika: But yeah I think a few years off before going back was good
Erika: I'll give one of them a try, I actually have 5 downloaded on my 3ds
Liam: you should play 5, it's one of the best
Liam: it also has three protagonists so
Erika: Not sure if it matters much to skip 4?
Liam: you'll miss out on some info
Erika: Hmm
Liam: but 4 is considered the weakest
Erika: Okay
Erika: The hype for 6 got me remembering
Erika: Playing 1 on my DS lite in a jacuzzi in Florida
Erika: Or maybe 2 idk
Faissal: 4 is pretty important storywise
Faissal: Or not
Faissal: Nah it isnt
Liam: the pun names are still fantastic
Faissal: Also if you play 5 be sure to get the dlc case aswell.  Its the best case in the game
Faissal: The thing i remember most is that damn video that just kept playing and playing
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rz4ziiQoErw
Faissal: Thats the one
Liam: aka the "look we can do video evidence now, you're going to watch this over and over" video
Liam: best thing about ace attorney 4 is grown up and bitter ema skye imo
Faissal: The thing i liked most was the then unexplained black physc lock
Mymla: https://vtt.tumblr.com/tumblr_o0upeulxEg1s9rrcg.mp4#_=_
Mymla: me irl
Matt: pls dont give away my secret top dps strats
Liam: angry birds
Liam: oh my GOD the name puns in the ace attorney 6
Matteo: I told you NO MACROS IN COMBAT Harry, now do it all over again
Harley: https://www.humblebundle.com/store/tropico-4-free-game
Erika: Aw that's so nice of you
Erika: And unexpected
Alexander: Is it really love if you program it to be so?
Mymla: raidbot is a slut
Mymla: "play"time
Liam: no slutshaming please
Erika: https://twitter.com/OmeteotI/status/773973311139086337
Erika: https://twitter.com/ADACTIVITY/status/771214826668371968
Liam: minecraft is so weirdly huge with kids
Liam: and kids love farts
Liam: i wonder if that author actually bothered licesncing that or if he's about to get sued to death by microsoft
Mymla: https://i.imgur.com/vYsUcKj.jpg
Erika: hey
Erika: hey
Erika: hey
Erika: sigh
Erika: well I've done another thing
Erika: added two commands
Erika: and
Erika: which apparently needs some work but yeah
Erika: https://twitter.com/raidbot
Erika: that account's been sitting there reading catboy tweets for a year now so finally decided to figure out posting
Erika: hey
Erika: aah OK, yeah I've made it clearer now, so
Erika: yasss
Erika: hey
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZmM-2gj5Gc&app=desktop
Nikita: too right, raidbot
Erika: That is exactly why I made sure people's names get attached to the tweets
Nikita: Rad
Harley: raidbot's tweet sass is better then our tweets
Harley: also the oldest tweet there being *flush* is entirely good
Nikita: I look forward to the flaming bag of poop on my doorstep tomorrow
Erika: Haha
Nikita: Is that public masturbation?
Erika: I mean it is Twitter
Nikita: Touche
Liam: https://67.media.tumblr.com/c914d09671c698470e15c2b22dc7e2a4/tumblr_od5u91f8Kn1ts8jcso1_540.gif
Erika: https://twitter.com/bonerman_inc/status/773687371028049920
Alexander: "IT'S HIGH NOOT!"?
Matteo: The podium makes good cover from shotgun blasts, too
Matteo: Does the retweet command pick the last one requested from the bots or does it have to be the line immediately above?
Erika: It's the last one made by the / command
Erika: Doesn't matter if raidbot says something afterwards
Erika: So it should still have the wiki how one in memory, soooo
Erika: Yeah
Matteo: One step at a time we'll get to raidbot procedurally shitposting on SA
Alexander: Damn, it's immune to that.
Erika: I can change that
Erika: Well, after work
Erika: Happy to hear more ideas
Matteo: I wouldn't tweet randomly pulled quotes from chat
Alexander: To be honest, I mostly just wanted to see if I could trick it into doing it, rather than being proper functionality.
Erika: I wanna tweet the shit out of that
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/X5ClMDm.mp4
Matteo: OCDog
Erika: I want that kittydog
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cr2H8uHWcAASJbt.jpg:large
Nikita: this post alone is a good argument for why people should stop playing video games
Erika: Hahaha
Erika: I saw that earlier and yeah
Erika: Bet they pulled in some sick social media numbers though
Erika: Who cares about being realistic or sincere
Matteo: Who did that
Matteo: So I can not buy their product
Mymla: square enix
Mymla: naoki yoshida to be precise
Matteo: I can't unpay what I paid
Nikita: It's probably who doesn't work on relevant video games
Nikita: Like Mark Kern
Erika: A prodigal Twine game creator (probably)
Nikita: Nah twine games are popular on the other side
Nikita: This one sounds like they shout about Gone Home not being a real game
Matteo: I actually believed Mymla there
Matteo: Cautionary tale again in ever listening to him
Harley: same
Faissal: I would not have doubted him if it werent for you una
Harley: to be fair, it sounds like the kind of drek square says
Liam: i never doubted yoship
Liam: my faith is as solid as the land i stand on
Mymla: are you standing on quicksand
Liam: https://twitter.com/sam_reginald/status/773925846751076352
Matteo: To be fair Yoshida has expertly avoided saying outrageous shit in public so far
Matteo: Who knows with these weirdo art makers though
Liam: yeah i read the other day that when asked by someone why she could keep playing if she's getting board, he said go play other video games until the next patch because i don't want you to be forcing yourself to play, i want you to be having fun
Matteo: One day they develop a mmo, another they run naked along the sidewalk wrapping road signs in pink toilet paper
Mymla: wow is currently pretty fun
Matteo: I could dust off my ~GRAND CRUSADER~
Mymla: but I'll be honest, the main thing it's doing for me
Mymla: is making me wish 4.0 was out
Matteo: It is not the name I use for my penis
Liam: 4.0 won't be out until next year, you gotta calm your tits
Matteo: 3.4 will give me new toys to make and sell at outrageous prices, and new things to try and fail at killing
Matteo: Should keep me going for a while
Mymla: yeah 3.4 will be fun
Mymla: I just have to be careful so nobody sucks me into hardcore raiding in wow
Mymla: it's a real possibility, since raiding is pretty much the one thing wow does better
Liam: i'm looking forward to kicking the warrior of darkness' ass
Matteo: It's been very long since I did that on wow, but from what I can remember it's pretty much the same
Mymla: I'm looking forward to being his friend
Matteo: Except there's more in wow
Mymla: yeah, there's more, and there are other difficulties than "easy" and "hardest"
Matteo: If it doesn't take an organized group I tend to dump it all in the category 24 man goes to die the week after it's out
Matteo: The necessary evil to be tall enough for the main ride
Liam: warrior of light vs. warrior of darkness battle cutscene https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-03lnu607j8
Mymla: oh my god this is precious
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/KvxqTHa.jpg
Mymla: also, wow has something I've been missing for a long time now
Mymla: hard small group content
Mymla: well, "hard" is a bit of an exaggeration at this point
Mymla: but they're adding infinitely scaling versions of the 5-man dungeons in a few weeks
Mymla: and they're already pretty good
Mymla: not "wipe all night" hard,  but there are mechanics you have to pay attention to or you'll quickly wipe
Matt: sometimes it can go too far the other way
Matt: Cata 5 mans were miserable to pug
Mymla: cata 5 mans were the best dungeons wow has ever had
Matt: oh I dont disagree
Matt: but they didnt work in the context of the game
Mymla: currently, mythics are about as hard
Mymla: and about as good
Matt: (because WoW players arent very good if I'm honest)
Mymla: and you can't pug them, so people have less reason to get mad about them
Matt: yeah, it seems like a good balance
Matt: honestly I'm really kinda surprised I don't give a shit about Legion
Matt: thought I'd be feeling the pangs by now
Matt: but 14 has ruined me a bit :P
Matteo: I really enjoyed the ball busting 5 man content in burning crusade (at least when you didn't overgear it), but I can very much understand why they don't want to replicate the experience
Mymla: yeah the BC heroics were also pretty good
Mymla: but they were kinda ruined by how buggy a lot of them were
Matteo: Wrath had something interesting, significantly easier dungeons (except the last ones in icecrown which you had a 50/50 of clearing in a pug), but weird achievement challenges
Mymla: but I guess that was pretty much wow in general at that point
Mymla: wrath dungeons were so bad they pretty much made me quit the game
Matteo: I remember having a ton of fun bashing our collective heads against the red drake achievements in a group of friends
Matteo: The combination of boring + repeat + not easy enough to be 100% mindless and not hard enough to be challenging
Matteo: That's the bad
Matteo: Again, why don't we ever get achievements that make you do things in weird and harder ways?
Matteo: Aesthetic only shit for them works
Matteo: Ok we can't get another Ulduar, but fuck I'm not the dev, they can find a way
Matteo: Instead of the endless search for the perfect balance of grey paste that doesn't upset anyone
Matt: Wrath's setting hooked me (it's when I joined)
Matt: and unf Ulduar really was super
Matteo: Ulduar would be my favourite raid format forever but I understand they can't really replicate that
Matteo: Unless they have money to piss away
Nikita: http://www.bbc.com/news/business-37314826
Nikita: apparently Galaxy Note 7 is classified as a bomb now
Nikita: because it can literally exploed
Nikita: bright future for people who like using phones
Nikita: an overpriced phone that has no audio jack or a bomb
Liam: i'll take a phone that could explode and kill me over one with no audio jack
Erika: appleplugs.com
Nikita: ctrl+f "courage" Phrase not found
Nikita: bad website
Liam: idk what happened to my sata cables but i've replaced them for all my hard drives now and things are running a lot smoother
Erika: Cool
Erika: https://i.redd.it/txbw9l34uhkx.jpg
Liam: it took me a moment to get that
Nikita: I still dont I might be an idiot
Erika: I'm sorry to hear that :(
Nikita: computers are dumb, hth
Erika: @InnocentSin http://16391-presscdn-0-53.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/pisatower11.jpg
Nikita: oh
Erika: I'll be here all night folks
Erika: Lies and slander
Alexa: That's a cute cat boy
Alexa: Whose slandering and lying about you?
Erika: raidbot
Erika: by posting a bunnyboy instead of a catboy
Alexa: Ahhhh I see?
Liam: http://www.clickhole.com/clickventure/you-are-robot-boy-can-you-save-japan-monsters-4788#1
Alexa: Trying to annoy the raidbot???
Alexa: It's sentient???
Nikita: Part 4 JoJo's is the best
Nikita: I'll never get tired of japanese people shouting KILLA QUEEN
Nikita: I look forward to the day I get to hear somebody say "bites the dust" with a japanese accent
Alexander: That click hole game is great. What's with the limes though.
Liam: i do like josuke a lot but he's still in second place beneath joseph "HOLY SHIT" joestar
Liam: i am watching heart attack part 2 right now though
Liam: i like kira a lot as well
Liam: very sinister
Nikita: I like his "motivations"
Liam: yeah
Liam: the polar opposite of dio in a lot of ways
Nikita: speaking of motivations, are you done with DX MD?
Liam: not yet
Liam: i've been preoccupied with other things
Liam: still in the second place you visit
Alexander: Thanks to Erika talking about it the other day, I ended up buying some Sake.
Liam: third series of black mirror alert
Liam: http://www.ew.com/article/2016/09/09/black-mirror-netflix
Liam: netflix are making it and it's going to be 12(!) episodes
Liam: no wonder we have'nt heard much from charlie brooker lately
Erika: I'm out of sake :(
Erika: Yeah 6 next month and 6 next year
Erika: 6 is almost too much black mirror at once
Nikita: the more I see other people play DX MD and think about it myself it bums me out even more
Nikita: in the grand scheme of things the Dubai intro seems really really pointless
Nikita: I hate to sound like a broken record but its a game that got cut up hard
Alexander: I had to resist the urge to buy the expensive 100-year-old sake.
Erika: :o how much?
Matteo: If wine is any indication, age is a lot of posing and wankery, and maybe you'll be able to tell the difference. Eventually
Alexander: Not actually THAT much, but still.
Erika: Yeah
Erika: Yay
Erika: That's cheap
Alexander: It'd been too long since I'd had any to justify getting the expensive one.
Alexander: Sadly the place I got it from said they wouldn't be stocking any more of this one.
Alexander: And I got the last bottle.
Erika: I do wanna get more
Harley: its fair to hate wires honestly, there kind of a bottleneck sometimes
Harley: though i do wonder if we have the tech to go full "FUK WIREZ >:(" yet
Liam: as people have pointed out, the wires also help to prevent the headphones being lost
Alexander: How long until the iPhone is just a chip in your brain and you buy a new one every year and put it in a slot in your head?
Liam: remember back when MICRO$OFT was the bad guy
Liam: boy how times change
Liam: i mean they're still mostly bad
Liam: but apple are now the guys everyone hates
Harley: I made fun of microsoft but bill gates is fine
Harley: the apple guy was always cringe worthy
Nikita: wires are useful for transfering electricity
Nikita: so you come home and dont need to charge your iphone, iwatch, ibuds, ishoes etc
Harley: I liked that tech that was "this table is a wireless charging station"
Nikita: dont spill your drink
Harley: it was a pad you put under wherever you needed it
Harley: wirelessly "broadcast" eletricity into that area
Nikita: but yeah as somebody said today on the Beastacast "i'd rather have a phone with a better battery"
Harley: Thats coming, but its technology thats very cutting edge
Harley: the great limits of our times
Harley: Power generation, storage, and transferance
Nikita: though apparently better batteries are not working out too hot (see new samsung)
Liam: batteries have barely evolved in decades
Nikita: or rather too hot
Harley: Liam, its about the ability to distribute them.
Harley: Lithium Batteries for example.
Liam: exactly
Harley: well thast the thing with technoogy
Harley: its not good enough to have some new discovery
Harley: if it cant be mass produced its still something to develop
Liam: you hear an amazing new battery every so often and it never materialises
Liam: because of issues with mass production
Harley: Research, and _Development_.
Matteo: Today I re-set up my Dark Souls 1 run
Matteo: That is new game, grab great demon's hammer, beeline for the Zweihander near firelink, put one in dexterity to use it, and never level anything other than strength up until I can use the hammer. Then only ever use the hammer
Matteo: Shields are lava
Matteo: Let's see if I manage to actually finish it this time or I forget and restart in a few months
Erika: @yt HE'S BACK
Matteo: All wrong
Matteo: What's this non scaling shit
Matteo: First you get extra swole
Erika: I do find it hard to do anything other than get weapon to S scaling, put all points into strength
Nikita: same but dex
Matteo: Then you use weapons that have in their description "this is just a fucking piece of wood with zero property whatsoever but it is indeed really really big and if you can lift it just beat it on things and they die"
Nikita: im drawn to honorable hanzo steel
Nikita: or halberds
Erika: But the game is doable with any weapon really as long as you don't puy all your points into resistance lol
Matteo: New challenge then
Matteo: Or not, I eventually should go play 2 and 3, which I already bought
Matteo: Does 1 have a proper katana, by the way?
Matteo: I think there's one piece of shit in blighttown
Alexander: There's a few.
Nikita: yes but you have to kill a shopkeeper
Nikita: the other are a bit further down the line
Liam: i loved my cestus run of dark souls 2
Liam: a shame they're not as good in the other two games
Erika: Dark souls 2 is a weird ass game
Erika: Funny how I've played it more than any of the others and it's my least favourite of the 5
Erika: Last time was to play the DLC and they are a+
Erika: But I'd still play bloodborne and dark souls 3 over it any day, but if you haven't beaten DS1 then it kinda has to be done
Erika: for it is A Good Video Game
Erika: https://twitter.com/VGAdvisor forgot about this account, think I needs to be added to the list
Erika: https://vine.co/v/ha9xpnUdxpV
Nikita: the new DS3 DLC, even though ill still buy it, kinda bums me out
Nikita: it seems like they're going for the whole "hey remember this place???" thing which was fine in the main game but not for the whole DLC
Erika: I only saw the trailer which has a bunch of fast cuts so I dunno what it's gonna be like
Erika: But yeah idk I'll also play it
Nikita: apparently I played dark souls 3 for 96 hours and Im not sure how
Matteo: I did beat ds1 but not its dlc
Matteo: I have about 120 hours in dark souls
Harley: the souls games are cool and good but the hooks for actually playing them struggle to sink into me
Harley: watching people play souls games is great
Harley: and the games themselves are great
Harley: But playing them? My enthusiasm slowly leaks away
Matteo: 146 hours actually. I went completey blind in the first run and missed the way for the dlc content, then rather than do it in new game+ I wanted to restart with this 2 hander only run
Matteo: And it's still waiting
Harley: I do want to play bloodbourne tho, asthetically thats more my thing
Matteo: I want to play that too but I'm not buying a console for one game
Erika: If you have a friend with a ps4 see if you can borrow it, definitely worth it
Harley: I dont. :p
Harley: Sadly all my IRL friends have drifted apart. Its the same old story told a million times before. People get older, get important things to do or realise "I actually REALLY dislike that guy now."
Harley: I'm not that heartbroken, since im moreso in the latter then the former. ;)
Nikita: http://badlydrawnkiraandkillerqueen.tumblr.com/post/149952504993/proud-stand-user
Liam: i do like how killer queen has one expression which is a sort of mild confusion
Nikita: well it is a cat
Erika: @Thyrork https://twitter.com/dasharez0ne/status/774606719783538688/photo/1
Harley: @erika Well it starts with talking about my level 60 Paladi-....
Erika: Well in my circles that is exactly how it happens
Erika: https://twitter.com/lngawaitedsleep/status/774580713064574976
Mymla: would be kinda fucked up to pull the lever there
Nikita: but if you do you're delaying their train
Nikita: how selfish
Liam: https://twitter.com/CuteEmergency/status/774418369902698496
Matt: dang I wanna know the answer to that question
Nikita: I looked at some WoW bosses(?) for no particular reason
Nikita: Odyn, Nithogg, Hymdall
Nikita: I think im noticing a pattern
Nikita: I look forward to Gul'Dan's right hand man, Jysus
Mymla: I really want to fight christian deities in ffxiv
Mymla: I mean I guess thordan almost counts?
Matteo: I don't want it banned in my country
Mymla: are italians really any more religious than normal people?
Matteo: They try to look like it at least
Nikita: Withered J'im
Nikita: thats a name people make up as a joke, blizzard
Nikita: sadly there is no Jaa'm
Faissal: I cannot believe im excited every week for a dragon ball super episode.  Its like im back in the 90s   

Its soo good
Liam: https://twitter.com/clickbaitrobot/status/774735426640809984
Erika: Not today, Satan
Matt: Hail Satan
Nikita: I'm sure wow dungeons and fights are fun and cool but boy is the design not their strongest side
Nikita: I fucked around yesterday and looked at the Adventurer's Guide (?) which is a cool thing by the way
Nikita: An endless sea of recolours and awful armor design
Nikita: These posts are probably in the wrong order but I am at work and i didn't get much sleep
Matteo: Sunday morning DF thordan ex went better than a learning group yesterday evening
Alexander: DFing Thordan Ex is a terrifying idea.
Matteo: It's offset by the fact I really like the fight and the music
Matteo: Also had a 1% wipe
Alexander: It is a neat fight, I just can't imagine DF working out well.
Matteo: It doesn't, but echo lets you get away with a lot of dumb things
Nikita: Or hurry you to the bitter end
Matteo: The biggest issue we had was a ninja who could literally not stay alive for anything involving a mechanic
Matteo: We just left him on the ground after a while, but that's not ideal
Liam: i need to do those hw ex primals still
Liam: get them off my duty list
Alexander: Only ones I've cleared are Bismarck and Ravana Ex.
Nikita: Bisex is definitely the easiest to DF
Alexander: Yeah, the only real challenge is DPS check and that's mostly just doing it at low ilevel.
Matteo: Just managed thordan in df
Matteo: With one minute left on timer
Alexander: I don't think I'm pro enough to beat Thordan.
Matteo: I am
Matteo: We all know my years long expertise in being a scholar
Matteo: Eos user, even
Alexander: As long as you don't have her on Sic.
Matteo: (I just did it as a scholar and I don't even)
Matteo: I have zero idea which hits get mitigated by fey covenant there
Matteo: I also have zero idea on being a scholar but let's leave that aside
Alexander: Summon fairy. Cleric stance. ???. Profit.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/6LhgtwLl.jpg
Erika: haha
Alexander: Is that real?
Nikita: Don't forget to turn your phone on before you do that
Nikita: https://twitter.com/folyqa/status/774532102700339200?s=09
Erika: Haha
Liam: http://www.isthatlegit.com/calgary-man-loses-testicles-while-trying-to-fill-scuba-tank-with-weed-smoke/
Matt: UK folks with access to O2 or a friend with O2: http://eu.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/topics/detail/f751bb7850922f1cfb8352036faf9e44f3989808
Liam: i have no friends
Liam: also it doesn't include the fat chocobo which is the thing i wanted
Matt: yeah same but oh well
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/8q9nIgX.mp4
Alexander: So they're recycling item campaign rewards now?
Alexander: Dead game.
Nikita: Finally finished Western Elfen Lied
Nikita: Pretty good but nothing too special except for non shit child actors
Alexander: Western Elfen Lied?
Nikita: Stranger Things
Erika: I'd never heard of that before but I just opened Netflix and Elfen lied was right there
Nikita: for some reason it stuck with me
Nikita: and apparently netflix knows
Nikita: rip that one character who had maybe 5 minutes of screen time
Alexander: Elfen Lied is shockingly bad.
Alexander: Unless you're an edgy highschooler.
Nikita: I was about to say that that was the exact person I knew in high school who watched Elfen Lied
Nikita: well he wasnt exactly edgy but he liked shit like that
Alexander: I've watched Elfen Lied, but I wouldn't say I like it.
Mymla: elfen lied was like the second or third anime I watched
Mymla: I was like 14
Matteo: A friend made me watch the first episode of elfen lied, back when I wasn't so impervious to anime
Matteo: Stating it was a masterpiece
Mymla: and even I thought it was too edgy
Matteo: I thought it was a pile of edgy wank
Mymla: and this was back when I thought warhammer 40k was cool
Liam: does dragonball z count as anime
Mymla: of course it does
Mymla: just because it's TOO MAINSTREAM doesn't mean it's not anime
Liam: for weeaboo purposes i mean
Alexander: My first anime was Sailor Moon.
Alexander: Followed shortly by the shitty Cardcaptor Sakura dub.
Liam: the most anime anime i have watched is ranma
Matt: ditto Sailor Moon, think it was on Channel 4 super late at night
Matt: then Tenchi Muyo on CN
Alexander: When I watched Sailor Moon it was channel 3 early morning.
Nikita: I honestly cannot remember my "first" anime
Nikita: I remember a bunch I watched but fuck if I know which one is the first
Nikita: maybe passively watching Evangelion?
Nikita: FLCL is up there too
Nikita: old anime kinda ruled now that I think about it
Liam: i reread ranma recentley and it is legit funny
Matt: fukken weebs
Liam: especially when ranma is taking advantage of his curse to mess with guys he hates
Liam: https://65.media.tumblr.com/6071ed90db88f10ea5f94c4b28d26a05/tumblr_od459c8c7z1vz9a91o1_1280.jpg
Erika: Yeah I also just watched those CN shows, DBZ and tenchi before I got into a phase of buying anime movie VHSes
Erika: So they only had bad English dubs
Erika: Was still a step up though
Erika: I remember my friend posting me VCDs he made of Bleach
Erika: Didn't get into it though
Erika: But it was actually faster to post CDs with video files on than peer to peer transfers for things that big
Liam: i can live my life proudly
Liam: knowing i never paid for anime
Matt: I think I only ever bought Bubblegum Crisis
Matt: and it was the wrong DVD region so I couldnt watch it
Alexander: Bubblegum Crisis is amazing though.
Faissal: Speaking about anime.  Finally got arround to watching steins gate. 

It was amazing
Liam: https://twitter.com/RealShigeruM/status/775079584752627712
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/k51lruC.jpg
Liam: https://67.media.tumblr.com/9989541e1d55b342af5aed91edd045c1/tumblr_odd1d339Zw1rhuitso1_1280.png
Erika: https://twitter.com/MeadowDrone/status/775174790592147456
Erika: Good morning
Liam: i am up a bit early in an effort to reset my sleeping time
Erika: What was it usually before?
Nikita: I can't stop stop sleeping for only 5 hours during work days
Erika: https://twitter.com/WaldorfSixpence/status/774425431353204736
Liam: i normally try to go to bed around 1am
Liam: it's been slipping over the last week
Liam: it was like 3.30am a couple of days ago
Nikita: I ran a couple of super low level dungeons in wow yesterday and now I have newfound appreciation for Sastasha
Erika: Hah wow, I can't even imagine
Nikita: Not the hottest content in wow that's for sure
Erika: Also yeah last week I've been going g to bed at 1-1:30 and not being sleeping til 2 and it's clearly making me worse for wear at work, so I went to bed at ~midnight~ to try to be more sensible and fix things
Erika: But Christ going to bed at 11 on a work day when you want to have more fun in your day is boring
Alexander: I just looked at all the Ace Attorney covers side-by-side. I like how Phoenix gets older and more jaded with each game.
Nikita: He will retire at the old age of 30
Nikita: After 15 years of stressful lawyerin'
Liam: i'm pretty sure he;s already past 30
Nikita: Impossible anime people at 30 are grandads/moms
Liam: he is an (adoptive) dad
Alexander: He quit lawyering for a while anyway.
Liam: yeah he's 34 in dual destinies
Liam: so he's now officially the oldest person in an anime
Nikita: Disgusting
Liam: it's ok, apollo is 20ish and athena is 19
Liam: when phoenix dies of old age in the next one they'll take over
Nikita: How old was Mia anyway
Alexander: 20-something I think.
Liam: 27
Nikita: I would have guessed 23
Nikita: Ace attorney breaking new ground
Matteo: When I can run I usually go to bed at 10 PM
Matteo: And stop everything monitor related at 9 PM
Nikita: Disturbing lack of unemployed insomniac nerds in this here group
Nikita: No wonder the static failed
Matteo: Now I can't for the knee, and usually it's 11-11.30
Matteo: What I gain in pointless bullshit I can do in the evening doesn't offset my lack of physical activity and I am at literally the worst morale point possible
Matteo: Whoda thunk, given my natural cheer and sunny disposition lately
Alexander: I really want to get the new Phoenix Wright, but I remembered that I never played Dual Destinies.
Nikita: That game kinda came out of nowhere
Nikita: What happened to the one set in  ancient japa- I mean Los Angeles
Alexander: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dai_Gyakuten_Saiban:_Naruhod%C5%8D_Ry%C5%ABnosuke_no_B%C5%8Dken
Alexander: JP ONRY
Nikita: Localisation been brainstorming for years I see
Erika: Well now you get to play a whole phoenix wright game, pay less money for it, and have a whole other game to look forward to after
Erika: A winning situation if I've ever heard of one
Liam: dual destinies is really good
Liam: worth playing
Liam: also get the dlc case, it's brilliant
Alexander: How much is Dual Destinies these days?
Erika: I gotta admit since learning the hiragana characters I can't help but try to read them and then wonder what the word means and wanna learn more, esp. when it's jumbled in with katakana. Uh oh
Nikita: Is Dual Destinies the one with the honorable American samurai prosecutor?
Liam: yes
Faissal: Its digital only so probably 30 bucks
Erika: Probably about the same price still
Liam: simon blackquill is good
Erika: Maybe it was a sale but I don't remember that
Alexander: Digital only? Absolutely disgusting.
Liam: i know people like to hate on klavier as well but i quite like him
Faissal: Nah his stick got old pretty quickly and they still used it in dual destinies
Liam: i quite liked having a prosecutor who was actually fairly friendly even if he is kind of condesending and pretentious
Liam: he shows up for all of one case in dd tho
Faissal: One case too many
Liam: i liked athena noticing his german accent was slipping at one point
Alexander: I kinda want to replay Apollo Justice too, but I don't have my copy anymore.
Faissal: Pirate it
Alexander: Admittedly I kinda just want a new copy.
Liam: athena in general is very good also
Liam: dual destinies is a great ace attorney in general
Liam: and spirit of justice has only built on that so far
Erika: Cool
Erika: When I show some mercy to my 3ds and finally charge it again I'll go straight into it
Alexander: I don't think I have enough space on my SD card.
Liam: bioshock 1 & 2 are getting graphical remasters soon
Liam: might be time to give those antoher visit
Liam: after i beat mankind divided that is
Nikita: Maybe I'll finally beat Bioshock 2
Nikita: Third time is the charm
Liam: i need to beat minerva's den
Matteo: I like all the bioshock
Matteo: Even infinite
Matteo: Hail satan
Liam: infinite is ok
Liam: very pretty
Nikita: Infinite is OK except for the one awful boss fight
Matteo: If you go in with the right expectations from videogame stories (that they are all shit) infinite is ok
Matteo: The only issue I had with it were the tiny amounts of ammo you could carry
Nikita: No but infinite is deep
Liam: ifinite had great music
Liam: i loved all the old timey versions of modern songs
Nikita: Well actually the story was mostly fine
Nikita: But the Burial at Sea happened and what
Matteo: Infinite had a single-shot shotgun that was pretty much a stove pipe stuffed with death
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQheaCpjH0I
Nikita: Better name for Infinite would be Bioshock Zero
Nikita: But then they had to connect it to Bioshock one and ugh
Liam: infinite feels like it was overambitious
Nikita: It was probably quickly remade
Matteo: I haven't played burial at sea though
Matteo: I haven't heard good things
Nikita: First trailers show a very different game
Nikita: Burial at Sea is Elizabeth fanfiction
Nikita: Set in the first Bioshock
Matteo: I'll admit while bioshock 1 had a really great setting and feeling, it was kind of shitty for gameplay
Liam: burial at sea feels wholly unescessary
Matteo: 2 was much better for shooting things, but it was "more of the same" so it lost the impact
Matteo: Also it didn't have the painted dancers from 1
Matteo: So far one of my favourite and most hated setpieces in a videogame ever
Nikita: I don't remember the details about Burial at Sea but I remember that they shoehorned Elizabeth into the events Rapture for some reason
Liam: turns out eilizibath is the reason the protagonist from 1 comes to rapture an ughhhhhh
Liam: like you said, playable fanfiction
Liam: i was fine with a single wink at rapture in infinite
Liam: hell i would have been happy if they had just left it at "we stole the plasmids from rapture" and didn't show us it at all
Nikita: Levine's daughteru is the most important though
Faissal: Attack on titan wings of freedom is so much fun

Really didnt think it could be good. Bur koei nailed it down
Nikita: Surely you mean A.O.T. wings of freedom
Alexander: Can confirm that it is fun.
Alexander: Although when you get to 9* missions the game expects you to be in 3 places on the map at the same time for S rank.
Alexander: Not sure if it's possible to do all of it without multiplayer.
Faissal: I just finished the story. Survey missions are still at 2-3 stars
Alexander: I'm up to 8-9* survey missions.
Alexander: Also unlocked True Attack Mode, which is 11*. It's ball crushingly hard.
Faissal: How do you unlock thatv
Faissal: ?
Liam: sounds like your standard warriors game then
Alexander: Hitting for 9k damage is maybe 5% of a part's damage and grab is pretty much instant death.
Alexander: Clear Attack Mode.
Faissal: Done that
Alexander: Did you do the epilogue missions too?
Faissal: No it says to do some survey missions
Alexander: When you clear all the epilogue missions you unlock True Attack.
Alexander: Which I'm going to leave until I have better gear.
Alexander: Because it's stupid.
Faissal: Alright
Alexander: I died in the training mission because it spawned a dire titan.
Faissal: Hahaha. But to get good gear u need to do true attack?
Alexander: Maybe?
Faissal: Damn
Alexander: I've not got to 10* surveys yet.
Alexander: Where I imagine I'll get gear that'll at least let me not be a total joke in 11*/True Attack.
Faissal: Cant u cheese those missions as eren? Just transform?
Alexander: I can take instantly dying so long as I can do decent damage.
Alexander: You can only transform when the battle signal is full.
Faissal: True
Alexander: I generally use Mikasa.
Faissal: Yh its insane how much better she and levi are
Alexander: Levi's SWORD THROW ATTACK is so good.
Faissal: Its great
Alexander: But I prefer Mikasa's lv7 skill which means you pretty much never need more blades.
Faissal: Sword is gone. Better replenish by throwing it a titan severing ita arm
Alexander: While Levi just burns blades at higher difficulties.
Faissal: Mikasa and levi are still lvl 4 with me
Alexander: I've got maxed Mikasa and Levi and lv5 Christa.
Faissal: Nice
Faissal: The early  missions are terrible for exp
Alexander: I was levelling Christa because she has extra rare drop skills, but after a point I felt like I needed Mikasa or Levi to S rank.
Faissal: But i will s rank each and every mission.
Alexander: You mean S rank AND dire target?
Faissal: Maybe once you have good gear to faem u can swap im christa
Faissal: Yup
Faissal: Its doable ar 2-3 stara
Faissal: Stars*
Alexander: I had to swap Christa out at about 6*.
Alexander: Mikasa and Levi are just too good.
Faissal: i noticwd
Alexander: Erwin has the potential to be pretty great too, but I can't be bothered levelling him.
Alexander: He seems like a not-shit Armin.
Faissal: Hahaha the sections with armin in the story were the worst
Alexander: ie, command skill without the gimped personal combat ability.
Alexander: I've been playing the entire game on Hard.
Alexander: Certain Armin missions were like pulling fingernails.
Faissal: Hahaha.
Faissal: Ive been playing on normal
Alexander: I have no idea what possessed me to start on Hard.
Faissal: Maybe that prompt at the beginning that asked if you wanted to start on easy mode insulted you? :p
Alexander: The prompt every time you die that asks if you want to turn down the difficulty insults me.
Alexander: Though maybe Christa would still be viable at my current mission/gear level if I wasn't on Hard.
Faissal: Maybe.  U still need better gear though
Alexander: Yeah.
Alexander: I guess my logic would be that Christa's rare item skills would let me get better gear easier.
Alexander: Also because Christa is great.
Alexander: The choice of playable characters is interesting though.
Alexander: Mostly in that there are characters I'd have expected they'd pick over ones that are in.
Alexander: Though I suppose some are voided by spoiler reasons.
Faissal: Maybe for a eventual sequel.  The core gameplay is great
Alexander: It's really satisfying too.
Alexander: Taking down 2 napes at the same time with the spinning slash has a lot of instant gratification to it.
Erika: https://twitter.com/MeadowDrone/status/774336773166071808
Faissal: That and the odm swinging arround barely dodging a titan. Getting behind him with the boost and killing it 

The realed nailed the gameplay down
Faissal: Gives me high hopes for berserk warriors
Alexander: I dunno, that risks just falling into typical warriors fare territory.
Alexander: AoT is an interesting one as they couldn't just cookie-cutter their usual gameplay onto it.
Faissal: So far from the trailers. Its looking really good
Nikita: Sony is releasing Last Guardian like I get haircuts
Nikita: It got delayed again
Nikita: And I have really long hair
Alexander: I think my last haircut was before The Last Guardian was even announced.
Liam: fucking hippies
Matteo: I got a haircut last Saturday, it had been about a month and a half and I felt like my hair would start seeping into my brain and take control of me
Mymla: that's genuinely gross
Alexander: It's not like I don't wash it and look after it.
Matteo: If  you wash them who cares, just don't trip on them and don't let them split
Mymla: excuse me there's a hair in my soup
Mymla: it's two meters long
Matteo: You don't risk missing it
Mymla: I used to live with one of them hippies
Mymla: who never cut his hair
Mymla: the drain in the shower was constantly clogged
Mymla: with hair
Matteo: You have to clear the drain anyway
Matteo: Do it more often
Mymla: not like
Mymla: once a week
Liam: https://66.media.tumblr.com/7b88c17756bce1bd837ecfdb9559846c/tumblr_nwp3dlK7Wm1rpduwho1_500.gif
Matteo: The problem isn't inherent with long hair
Matteo: It's that since they're much more of a hassle to take care of, people tend not to do it often enough
Alexander: You can get a hair trap to put over the drain.
Alexander: Then you just tip it into the bin afterwards.
Alexander: Also my natural maximum hair length isn't that long, it's only most of the way down my back.
Faissal: Cut my hair every 3 weeks. Else i start to feel like a slob
Erika: I like the colour though and it's nice to spend a whole morning being pampered
Matteo: I hated sitting there for one hour listening to the other assholes talking about politics
Erika: My hairdresser didn't smalltalk me which was nice but unexpected
Erika: Just hair and style tips
Erika: In fact I was just chatting in this group chat
Matteo: Since a couple years I started going to a childhood friend of mine, who now is incidentally a internationally certified hairdresser
Erika: While waiting for the dye to settle etc
Erika: Nice
Nikita: I start a complicated ritual once a year where I stare into the mirror thinking what to do with this mess
Mymla: I wasn't aware hairdressers had international certifications
Nikita: And then just get the simplest haircut
Matteo: So now we can have some insane conversations that we pray other people don't overhear because it's the same shit you'd expect from the least politically correct SA thread
Matteo: Certifications he gets between London, Milan and L.A. instead of Wherever-The-Fuck, Tuscany
Matteo: I wouldn't know an adequate term
Faissal: Like the microsoft ones?
Faissal: Speaking of which. Passed thare 70-413 exam last
Week
Matteo: Which one's that?
Erika: Good job
Faissal: Configring and implementing an advanced infrastructure
Faissal: Part 1 of the mcse exams
Matteo: Good stuff
Mymla: by the way
Mymla: http://www.wowhead.com/npc=108556/kurd-butterhoof
Mymla: well done, blizzard
Matteo: I reinstalled Terraria just because I saw a minor patch a couple days ago
Alexander: I need to go back to Terraria again.
Alexander: I keep reinstalling it every so often to do some of the new things.
Liam: i am back from the second place you visit in mankind divided
Liam: it wasn't as good as the first location
Matteo: I thought getting to the new parts would take too long, starting from scratch
Matteo: Then I went into mission impossible sequence breaking shit, that I love dearly
Matteo: And is possible in this game, unlike the giant Starbound disappointment
Alexander: Starbound is just so... boring.
Matteo: It's prettier and the first time it can be pretty fun discovering the setpieces
Matteo: But it's all incremental upgrades and nothing changes in the gameplay, and the planets only have different color crap
Nikita: Yeah No Man's Sky is disappointing
Erika: Hah
Liam: i'm playing bloodborne again
Liam: i got stuck at the blood starved beast last time
Erika: Uh oh
Erika: Get you some fire paper
Liam: i used it all up trying to beat it
Erika: Meh
Erika: I mean it'll do like 10% extra damage if that, so it's no substitute for GITTIN GUD YA SCRUB
Liam: i almost beat it iirc but the constant poison was rediculous
Nikita: ARTIFICIAL DIFFICULTY
Liam: i also ran out of blood phials and bullets which i had to grind to get back, which i don't appreciate
Liam: holy fuck
Liam: i did it
Liam: no blood phials left again
Nikita: American politics are the best and the worst
Nikita: Hillary has a terminal illness pneumonia, vote Trump.
Liam: wtf i had molotovs and antidotes in storage
Matteo: I tried to look up how to summon Cthulhu in Wikihow, nothing
Matteo: What are you doing internet
Mymla: http://www.wikihow.com/Do-Black-Magic
Matteo: You would benefit greatly from listening to the F Plus podcast
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOzM4ClFG1o
Erika: http://i.imgur.com/Pz0pKcL.jpg
Alexander: Someone put way too much effort into this.
Alexander: Since when did Apollo become Punished Apollo?
Mymla: I only played the first ace attorney
Mymla: it was pretty great when you were actually in the courtroom
Mymla: but the walking around pixel hunting for evidence parts were utter trash
Velcio: I wish
Alexander: Excellent.
Velcio: Katakana is still piss easy to learn. Just do it. Get an app for it.
Harley: What foul witchcraft is THIS?!
Erika: I thought "yeah this is a cool novelty but it'd get boring after one track"
Erika: then I listened to Otherworld
Liam: they get better in later games, and a LOT better in dual destinies
Liam: but yeah court is still the best
Erika: Velcio: yeah I'm still getting the hang of hiragana, but looking at katakana (esp as they're mixed together so much) I can't see why it'd be any harder so I will end up doing that
Erika: one at a time innit m8
Alexander: My problem was remembering which was which.
Faissal: You all are learning japanese?  Impressive
Erika: well after learning hiragana it's super obvious which is which, they have distinct styles to each of them
Erika: I'm not learning japanese, just the characters haha
Erika: the actual "learning words" part is something else
Erika: last guardian delayed lol
Erika: to 7th-9th december
Mymla: I was learning kana
Mymla: kana is actually really cool
Mymla: compared to latin alphabet
Mymla: but of course a language can't be actually good
Mymla: so they fuck everything up by still using kanji for no reason
Velcio: I wish I was still actually still learning Japanese but I don't have the time for it and I have to graduate and find a job
Velcio: Few attractive Japanese exchange students in my uni
Velcio: Even typing that out makes me feel dirty. Fuck
Alexander: I was going to say, learning a language just to try and impress girls is probably not the right motivation.
Velcio: Yup
Velcio: And it never really was
Velcio: Actually doing anything just to try and impress girls is probably a bad idea on general in fact
Velcio: Like, I primarily lift for myself. Doing something to improve my posture and avoid back pain is good. And feel good about myself at the end of the day.
Alexander: I don't think I could impress girls even if I did something to try.
Alexander: Not sure I'd want to anyway.
Velcio: Also being able to squat low to do random shit like picking things up from an aisle that is low etc is good too. Like a proper slav
Alexander: >whole
Harley: cute detail btw
Harley: blizzard added hidden skins to the artifact weapons right?
Harley: the retribution one is based on the silly "You can get the complete triforce!" guides of old
Harley: You know, shit like "fish at X spot with Y item in your bag during XX:XX"
Nikita: my first thought was "these loss edits are getting more elaborate, i dont even get this one"
Erika: haha
Liam: https://i.imgur.com/gFFwziy.mp4
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/VSRu5nL.gif
Nikita: Kill it
Alexander: What has mankind done?!
Harley: *barf*
Velcio: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LFb9S32AoY&index=4&list=PLZ6Y-iFclHvbcz3MhdhRdFHrGys6cDsiV Okay this album is way too good for what it is
Velcio: I'll admit I haven't listened most of them but
Velcio: Vocaloid gangsta rap/electronica or something that sounds like that among others?
Velcio: I'm pretty sure the first song is singing about eating various things
Erika: worked up from 2250 to >2500 in OW tonight, yasssss
Erika: hello platinum
Matt: noice
Matt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3_lVSrPB6w
Velcio: I lost it at the very last caption
Liam: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsMHxrLWgAARIkA.jpg:large
Erika: yup
Mymla: mai waifu
Nikita: apparently Metzen is retiring
Matteo: What I still associate Metzen with are the nice drawings in the Starcraft and Warcraft III manuals
Matteo: That I read extensively
Faissal: Is until dawn a good game?
Nikita: yes
Faissal: Is it like life is strange?
Nikita: more like a David Cage written by a competent person
Faissal: Sounds good.
Nikita: Nier Automata is coming february 28
Faissal: Perfect a whole month before i go to japan to play it
Nikita: Kingdom Hearts 2.8 HD delayed to January 12th also
Faissal: Thats a bummer
Faissal: Lots of delays recently
Nikita: theres a sony tgs conference running now
Nikita: so they might show one screenshot of KH3 who know
Faissal: Yh im at work now.
Faissal: I also read that there are new vitas coming
Nikita: hell yeah a music video in VR, finally a killer app? https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsN8zXwUEAA1ZBz.jpg:large
Nikita: the translator is trying to keep up with Kojima's nonsense I feel sorry for her
Nikita: he's rust rambling about ropes, rods and strands
Nikita: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsOAx6_UMAQhnj1.jpg:large
Nikita: https://twitter.com/KazHiraiCEO/status/775607394663555073
Nikita: https://twitter.com/KazHiraiCEO/status/775612573014224897
Erika: Hah
Erika: Is there any actual news so far?
Nikita: no
Erika: I'm at work sooo
Erika: Alright cool, good
Erika: Yes
Nikita: they're gonna talk more on 18th on but I wouldnt expect too much
Nikita: maybe some more Kojima ramblings
Nikita: https://twitter.com/RPGSite/status/775604607095414784
Erika: https://twitter.com/MeadowDrone/status/775524514717466624
Nikita: ouch
Alexander: I don't get it.
Harley: same
Harley: Thats it, we've hit the "used to be hip but then hip changed" point.
Harley: Ill go get us all a place in a retirement home.
Matteo: Memes are getting pretty complex
Harley: "People make fun of how Metzen has Thrall as a self-insert but at least he doesn't make whole games about how he wishes Thrall were real and living in his city so he could fuck Thrall. Therefore, he's better than Nomura over at Square-Enix."
Harley: Goons.
Harley: "That's not Nomura. Motomu Toriyama is the one that got creepy on Lightning."
Harley: "You're right. Nomura is the one who said "people won't care about having adventures in Agrabah or Neverland or whatever unless we have a really convoluted plot full of anime boys with dumb names and zip-up trenchcoats," though, so Metzen is better than him too."
Harley: this thread about world of warcraft and metzen leaving has taken a very strange turn
Nikita: why even compare
Nikita: if Metzen is retiring does that mean Thrall is gonna die?
Liam: HDR update for ps4 is up
Erika: Well when I get to finishing uncharted 4 finally then maybe it'll be ever so slightly prettier?
Faissal: I just need to find a reasonably prices oled hdr 4k 55 inch tv
Liam: it was a lot easier to see the snatchers repeatedly murder me in bloodborne
Liam: oh hey a thunderstorm now too neat
Erika: We've had that grey humid kinda thing going on for a couple of days now
Erika: As if one could start at any time
Liam: https://www.lightningmaps.org/blitzortung/europe/index.php?lang=en
Liam: big thunderstorm heading north over the south west atm
Erika: :toot:
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/emLrTYs.jpg
Alexander: I don't think you'll get something that is all of those. Mostly the 'reasonably priced' bit.
Faissal: Id settle for 1080p hdr oled
Alexander: I don't even own a TV.
Faissal: How
Faissal: Well if you watch stuff on ur pc monitor. I can see why you wouldnt invest in one
Erika: Aaaand there's the storm
Liam: it's gone from here now
Erika: Glad I bought lunch from the shop this morning for once
Mymla: today I made many potatoes for lunch
Mymla: and tossed many more
Velcio: Yoship is so much better than Metzen
Mymla: for the potatoes were expired
Mymla: and moldy
Velcio: Even if Yoship isn't responsible for the entire series
Nikita: havent seen that one for a while
Matt: Non zero chance I get caught in this storm :(
Erika: Yeah I cycled to work and didn't bring a jacket
Erika: Hope it passes by then
Matt: I have a brolly but it's in my car 10m aeay
Liam: it wasn't here long
Liam: sunny now
Matt: Yeah maybe I need to dip in a cafe and hope it fucks off
Erika: https://twitter.com/MeadowDrone/status/775470798190419968
Erika: newsflash: good video game expands to have even more good video game
Matt: Thunderbolts and lightning
Matt: Very very frightening
Alexander: Shovel Knight is the crowdfunding success story.
Erika: Aaaand the weather's lovely again
Alexander: Storm just kicked off here. Lovely weather.
Harley: https://twitter.com/sonic_hedgehog/status/775387568342839296
Alexander: This Twitter account is amazing.
Liam: sonic is a millenial
Alexander: I'm a millennial. Kill me.
Harley: I have no idea what I am, and i find the generation terminology offensive anyway.
Nikita: millenials are very very vague
Harley: "You're X because you're part of Y" is dumb and bad.
Harley: but hey, i was born january 1985. So feel free to knock yourselves out and figure out what I am.
Harley: Hint: "Harley Davis" is a good start.
Nikita: technically millenials should be 1990-2016
Nikita: but mostly its just whoever your dad calls "these darn kids"
Matteo: If you're 26 you might very well qualify as dad
Liam: millenials are early 80s to 1999
Liam: ie. was a child during the millenium
Nikita: makes sense I guess
Harley: see? This is why this kind of shit is dumb
Harley: by this logic, i could both be a millenia AND complain about it
Nikita: another good way to describe millenials is "all of the Polygon staff"
Alexander: You forgot Kotaku.
Nikita: Kotaku's articles are written by a malfunctioning AI and you cannot convince me otherwise
Matteo: Turning 18 during 2000, how does that qualify?
Alexander: I'm not sure even the most broken AI could make up Kotaku's content.
Liam: i don't read polygon but their video content is really good
Liam: mostly due to the mcelroy brothers
Nikita: some of their reviews have Opinions
Matteo: Any website where I have to hunt whatever cross scripting they set up to enable like 10 different addresses in a row, I tend to not click ever again
Matteo: Mostly because not even text shows up until you've allowed half the internet to execute scripts
Matteo: They can very much go get fucked
Nikita: new Nier Automata ... trailer? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqXS5_YrA9Q
Nikita: I never played or finished an LP of a Yoko Taro game but for some reason im really attracted to them
Nikita: he seems very eccentric
Nikita: I am watching an LP of Nier now though
Nikita: Yoko Taro sure has a type of women he likes to write (Zero, Kaine)
Faissal: They are the best
Alexander: Angry?
Nikita: yes
Faissal: I like how yonah is done. 
You see little of her. But the loading screens give so much backstory
Faissal: That it makes u understand why nier is working his ass of to rescue her
Faissal: The beautifull soundtrack only helps to set the mood
Harley: https://twitter.com/FFXIV_Memes
Harley: load of updates all of a sudden?
Liam: https://twitter.com/Mr_Novaxc/status/771156613415698432
Erika: That accounts still plugged into the /ff14 command btw
Erika: As well as a couple of others, it chooses one at random
Erika: Found Matt's alt
Alexander: I always knew popotos were evil.
Matteo: Now if I ever get a namechange it will have to be something that can end up on FFXIV_names
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/NhgTevt.jpg
Erika: Nice
Alexander: Deadly presence indeed.
Alexander: Double catgirl bonus!
Harley: lewd.
Alexander: At least they aren't holding hands.
Liam: currently playing: journey
Liam: knock it off my list of games to finish
Liam: also got the ps4 version on ps plus
Matteo: Probably one of the very few things making me wish I had a console
Liam: the sand physics are great
Erika: Yeah it's great
Liam: completed journey
Liam: https://twitter.com/NoContextLouis/status/762985856470835201
Erika: Haha
Erika: http://www.zachtronics.com/shenzhen-io/ the next zachtronics game looks like the most zachtronics game ever
Erika: I love them
Liam: https://twitter.com/NoContextLouis/status/755121391154913280
Liam: please add a /louis command
Faissal: Too lazy to order something. Too lazy too cook something. Not eating is fine
Alexander: I can relate.
Erika: just cooked me a satay chicken stir fry, and it was gooood
Erika: but yeah also not been putting much effort in the kitchen lately
Erika: clearly you need to get wasted on bad lager and go to febo
Harley: that thunderstorms hit here in syorks
Harley: pretty serious too, its neat
Harley: sky is alight
Liam: took it's fucking time
Liam: it hit here in bournemouth 8 hours ago
Liam: http://66.media.tumblr.com/b8fab6628f7cfaf0b1e5d31a39662b70/tumblr_o9n9zuwOf21qjbuqto1_1280.png
Erika: lol
Nikita: lol
Nikita: Well fuck you too raidbot
Erika: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdFDhze6MdU
Nikita: God bless CrowsTripple
Erika: https://twitter.com/pillowfort/status/775592974621171712
Liam: http://66.media.tumblr.com/fbbbbb03906b12756eb0d4d34d3a38fb/tumblr_inline_o3ddonqZI81sczwoo_500.png
Erika: Korean catboy
Harley: a... Katboy?
Erika: tonight on Children Playing Hanjo https://i.imgur.com/QLCQ3L4.png
Harley: I hanjo.
Harley: Good lord.
Harley: Mind if i share that with people so we can all make fun of that guy? because jesus
Erika: go for it
Nikita: Sure is a competitive game community
Nikita: I played ranked in league last week and it finally broke me so I started muting people
Erika: I've noticed the chat seems to descend into madness closerr midnight, doesn't seem to happen earlier in the evening
Erika: might just be a coincidence but I dunno
Nikita: In my experience people become chiller at 3 am
Nikita: In league at least
Nikita: Or early in the game
Nikita: Day I mean
Liam: mankind divided progress: all sidequests done
Nikita: You'd think that people in Overwatch wouldn't have enough time to type but I guess I'm wrong
Liam: it's nothing but msq from here on baby
Nikita: Post ga
Liam: yep
Liam: i'm also giving a lot less of a shit about killing people at this point
Nikita: Yeah post GARM is kinda rough on stealth loving pacifists
Liam: i've been using remote hacking a hell of a lot
Liam: remote hacking + smart vision + high jump opens up so many paths its unreal
Nikita: Time slow Aug is the best
Liam: praxis seems to be getting thin on the ground, not sure if i'll be able to buy that
Nikita: Drop down from the ceiling and do your best Equilibrium cos play
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/qeCwUcq.gif
Harley: jesus christ how terrifying.
Nikita: Bloodborne 2 leaked already huh
Matteo: The little I've played of Spacechem made me feel like a stupid idiot, meaning I keep planning to go back to it
Erika: Infinifactory is a friendlier game to ease into if you wanted to give that a try
Erika: But all of their games are some variation of in > [do some logic] > out
Matteo: I have some kind of unhealthy reaction to games I find difficult
Matteo: I'll crank the difficulty as high as it goes and finish them
Matteo: See: Witcher 2
Faissal: I like games where the difficulty is designed arround the experience of games.  See; dark souls. Crash bandicoot. Etc
No artificial difficulty settings such as easy and hard.
Matteo: The arena tutorial for witcher 2 destroyed me, then the game timidly said "Maybe you'll want to set the difficulty to easy"
Matteo: So I went "maybe you can go fuck yourself" and set it to Dark, the step higher from hard and a step lower from permadeath
Matteo: It worked because it's a good game, I can see it being an issue when the game is shit
Alexander: I know what you mean. The suggestions of easy mode may as well be personal insults.
Matteo: The value of my whole existence as a human being is put into question
Harley: extra credits had a good episode about that years ago, basically summerized as "easy / medium / hard is a dumb way of saying to someone "hey, this is the optimal playstyle for you" and something clearer is needed."
Erika: That is a thing that's happening more recently
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCyXy6oMJiA
Harley: not mine, but that was the storm over here
Liam: i thought that competitiion was us only
Liam: time to get posing
Erika: I'll see if I can attach dates to those tweets
Erika: Maybe reduce it by one or two
Erika: idk as usual I'm open to ideas
Erika: Raidbot has been basically my sole form of learning python and it pretty much got me a job so it's always nice to push my skills a bit more
Erika: Fuck you
Mymla: isn't the one book on python available for free on the internet?
Erika: Yeah, it's called stackoverflow
Erika: One book for every programming language ever, it's pretty great
Erika: I'm testing on a 4k TV at the moment, can't seem to get any actual 4k media working yet though so hooray
Alexander: 4K raidbot?
Harley: quest to unlock gubal hard is called "Let Me Gubal That for You"
Nikita: wow nice ripoff
Nikita: can patch 3.4 be next week
Alexander: I wish. I've got Tuesday off work.
Nikita: I work both tuesdays but i'd rather play it on the night I can actually stay up
Nikita: p.s. If you dont hear from me in 5 days I was killed by Belarussian authorities for looking funny
Erika: Cool
Erika: Ummm good luck
Nikita: pretty sure its also election year over there
Nikita: well, "election"
Liam: i still need to get all the yokai weapons
Liam: i'm halfway to my 6th
Matt: Yeah I mean I'm currently a jquery contractor
Matt: I am 100% fudging it through stackoverflow I have literally never used it before this job
Matteo: There's no centralized resource for our software that's not the official manual, so I can't outsource things I have no fucking clue about
Matteo: And I have no fucking clue about anything
Faissal: My job is pretty flexible about days off. If i want to switch a free day it usually ok
Faissal: infact  I asked to get last week i asked to get monday off. It was approved. I then checked the roster and saw that almost no one was working that day. Went to ask if he was sure that i could have the day off. He said no, you always work. you deserve a day off. I let him look at the roster. and said think about him. I have no problem with working monday. 1 hour later, he told me that he does need me monday. 3 hours later. He tells me i can have monday off. He switched other people so i could get monday off. 

totally unnecessary but cool
Nikita: I work pretty fixed shifts so it takes some effort to get a free day
Nikita: Not impossible but is a bit of a bother
Erika: My work had a talk session for lunch and the restaurant they tried to order from screwed up so they ordered dominos
Erika: But then we had bowling planned with pizza on order
Erika: So I just had pizza for lunch and dinner
Erika: Got to leave an hour early for it too so that's cool
Liam: if you keep on eating like this you'll become a pizza
Erika: But I feel like a fat ol' goon now
Erika: Me...... pizza....?
Nikita: That's probably  fetish
Liam: pizzagirls
Nikita: Vore with pizza transformation
Erika: Oh my
Erika: http://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/52qez9/brawl_idea_the_absolute_worst/ I like this
Nikita: Blizzard should try harder with brawls imo
Mymla: I've seen some weird pornos
Mymla: but this is the weirdest
Erika: Yeah
Nikita: Considering how cool and wild Hearthstone ones are
Nikita: Speaking of cool Part 2 of the live letter is on Friday for you Internet havers
Nikita: Gonna show of Sophia and ? ? ?
Erika: What kind of information are we actually missing that isn't best finding out by a actually playing?
Erika: e.g. the new Alex fights, plot, etc
Nikita: No idea honestly
Nikita: Part 2 of live letters are weird like that
Erika: Just the final patch trailer is usually the main thing
Nikita: The only thing they said is that they're showing off Sophia because she's cool looking and they're proud of that or something
Erika: That sounds like some final fantasy-ass marketing
Erika: Actually reminds me of bioshock infinite too
Nikita: The development teams tells that they have put a lot effort into the visuals of this new trials and they hope to show you more at Tokyo Game Show 2016!
Erika: Gonna have to do my usual thing of clearing all yet 3.3 content I'm the week before the patch
Erika: I think I did like one 4-man and never cleared mhach
Nikita: The theme for the last part of Alex is "time", by the way
Nikita: Forgot "duh"
Erika: I am curious to see the rest of that story
Erika: Not like hella intrigued but at least some kind of moderately climatic things happened?
Nikita: If there's one thing I guess they could announce it's goblin tribe quests
Nikita: Feels thematically appropriate
Liam: well the legion commanders or whatever rank they are are meant to be homages to the villian of the game they're numbered after
Liam: ie: nael summoned meteor and got a sort of one winged angel form
Liam: so odds are the vi guy is going to obtain the ability to use magic somehow and go nuts
Nikita: What was Gaius' legion?
Liam: xiv
Liam: ie he wasn't a reference
Nikita: And so far they painted van Hydrus as a very loyal jobber
Nikita: But we'll see I guess
Matteo: IV and V would feel quite interchangeable
Matteo: If that's the case
Nikita: They could use Golbez for V instead of Zeromus
Nikita: IV rather
Liam: yeah it depends
Liam: i doubt we'll be seeing a iii legion seeing as they used up all the references for that on the crystal tower
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJxNv2m7qns
Harley: Still a better love story then Crystal Skull
Nikita: I'm curious what they're doing with the main story
Erika: I haven't done the 3.3 story yet
Nikita: It's clearly going to Ala Mhigo but what the fuck do warriors of darkness have to do with it
Erika: Looking forward to having another two chapters to do in one go, I really liked it for 3.1 and 3.2
Nikita: Just going by the 3.4 material
Liam: i'm looking forward to seeing what the game looks like after they unshackle themselves from the ps3
Harley: stirring shit up seems to be their thing
Matteo: The 3.3 part is really good
Nikita: As dangerous as DF Final Steps is I still love doing it
Nikita: Thy final verse is sung.
Liam: it's great when you pull it off first time
Liam: espicially if there's someone new
Matteo: It's a close challenge for most scenic fight since Thordan
Matteo: I don't like the mechanics as much though
Faissal: Whoever mentioned terrace house some time ago. Ty! 

Where do i find more? Google is failing me
Liam: https://twitter.com/AmznMovieRevws/status/570678701446328320
Nikita: Same
Matt: 3.3 was good
Matt: I hope 3.4 is good
Harley: https://youtu.be/JHPyopiiWDQ
Harley: Wow thats a lewd preview
Harley: lets fix that.
Harley: Eitherway, wow got anime intro'd
Mymla: https://twitter.com/sidefury/status/776119735641526272
Mymla: https://twitter.com/FFXIV_Memes/status/776107746529718272
Mymla: me irl
Harley: same
Erika: same
Nikita: Functions of sentience is a goony ass term
Erika: haha
Nikita: Second picture is not a trashcan, bad meme
Liam: https://scontent.fphx1-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t34.0-12/14341711_10154594909624434_2511805_n.gif?oh=16a56c4ae9fdf2fc8488dea4160588cd&oe=57DC0FC4
Nikita: Please tag violent torture appropriately
Nikita: Quick question
Liam: always the worst
Erika: Yeah like by far
Nikita: Mudsharks?
Nikita: Sorta regret googling it
Nikita: I've heard many racist terms but this one is special
Nikita: https://twitter.com/GeopLP/status/776280205098782720
Nikita: The work on the Give Up Machine is going well
Matteo: The future is now
Alexander: Molesting 9 year old robot girls?
Matteo: Let's not be negative, maybe that's just a honeypot booth that marks people to be mowed down by a machinegun at the exit
Alexander: Use VR to make people molest the inside of a running blender.
Alexander: "Will it blend: Perverts?"
Nikita: Sign me up
Alexander: For the molesting or blender operations?
Nikita: I'm feeling lucky
Nikita: Shoutout from the bus made for ants by the way
Faissal: Weird
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6R7SI8284Hw
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv5XJOmMG04
Alexander: https://twitter.com/KenAshcorp/status/776353918511177732
Erika: :(
Erika: https://youtu.be/Gl1c8F2-WNY can't watch this yet but I'm sure it's a pro-click
Nikita: Two fucking hours at the Belarusian border is a good reminder that open borders are a blessing
Alexander: Move along citizen.
Nikita: Papers please is very triggering
Alexander: That is what I was envisioning.
Nikita: It's surprisingly accurate
Erika: What are your travels for?
Nikita: Visiting relatives
Alexander: A likely story.
Matteo: Are you about to terrorism, yes /no
Matteo: Are you REALLY SURE you are not about to terrorism
Nikita: No-FUCK
Faissal: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOzM4ClFG1o

This is amazing
Liam: i'm in a good bloodborne mood today, really ploughing through cathedral ward
Faissal: Berserk releases next year february 
http://gematsu.com/2016/09/berserk-band-hawk-launches-february-21-north-america-february-24-europe

it looks so good
Faissal: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1siqO1LAaRQ\
Matteo: I took up some dark souls again
Faissal: World of Final Fantasy is looking great  https://t.co/Stn9GuvaVw
Matteo: Decided the first thing to do as someone entirely out of practice, shieldless, enduranceless and with paper thin armor, is clear the first two black knights
Liam: question: how in the name of sweet baby jesus do i deal with snatchers, they're fast and pretty much one shot me
Erika: Are they the gigantic things or the bagmen?
Liam: bagmen
Erika: Hmm
Erika: If you're only now in cathedral ward then try and avoid them?
Erika: Otherwise don't get hit :v
Liam: i try not to get hit but they take a lot of attacks to bring down
Liam: i'm only human
Erika: You can take them down if you're careful enough, just like the black knights that una is fighting
Liam: i've done it like, once
Liam: after i got dragged to prison
Liam: then there was another one right there
Erika: But yeah there are only one or two in that area and you can avoid aggroing them iirc
Erika: Oh so you did that whole thing huh
Erika: Yeah then idk, they'll get easier as you level up vOv
Liam: just took down vicar amelia
Liam: a lot easier than the blood starved beast
Erika: May the good blood guide your way
Faissal: Go fight ludwig
Liam: ludwig von koopa?
Erika: That would be bold
Faissal: shhh
Erika: But if you like dying then I highly recommend it
Liam: i'm in the hunters nightmare now anyway
Erika: Nice
Liam: ok the bad guys in the hunters nightmare are way too strong for me right now
Liam: i got most of the way through the forest area
Liam: jesus christ, those axe guys
Liam: also i've posted this before but it's still great
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3nR_4F1anI
Erika: I got so lost there the first time
Erika: Hahaha, classic
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/9XTGDpk.gifv
Erika: Is that viral marketing
Liam: it's china
Mymla: apple should start a line of treadmills
Mymla: they could call it the iRan
Matteo: Minimum strength required, barely under max load, dislocating shoulder rolls, 1 hit kills everything that's not a boss so far
Matteo: http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/260470155538483579/4096AA7043A3FD06F26BDFACA5228D828B44FA55/
Matteo: Game starts here
Matteo: No I lied, I can't oneshot stone knights
Liam: more thunder and lightning
Liam: explains why ive been headachey today at least
Liam: oh boy this is a lot closer than the last one too
Liam: room lighting up with each flash here
Erika: https://twitter.com/MeadowDrone/status/776407274835156993
Erika: #dogonslide
Erika: This was the first thing I saw when I woke up and it gave me the energy I needed to do life today
Alexander: The rogue moon balloon in China did that for me yesterday.
Erika: Haha
Matteo: There is no energy, just struggling against the slow and inevitable slide into despair, weighed down by the ever growing dread and grim and dark and
Matteo: GOOD MORNING
Liam: did any of you guys get that storm last night, because good lord it was a big one
Erika: Nah but I saw other twitter people talking about it
Erika: All quiet and dry in Bristol
Matteo: It's threatening rain here
Matteo: All words no action
Matt: Yeah same in Cirencester
Matt: Very cloudy but like <10% chance of rain
Matteo: It's getting better
Matteo: What won't get better is humidity
Liam: bournemouth gardens are partially flooded
Liam: but they get flooded all the time tbh
Erika: I had that creeping feeling again half way to work that I really should have taken a jacket but fingers crossed
Matteo: Upside is I can go half sleeved until November
Matteo: (Usually)
Erika: https://i.imgur.com/5ZGdJwz.jpg
Liam: oh piss, eileen the crow died in the odeon chapel fight
Erika: Not killing her by accident is really hard
Liam: guess i gotta carry on her legacy
Liam: witch of hemwick down
Liam: also did one of the chalice dungeons
Erika: Nice
Liam: plus i'm now weaing eileen the crow cosplay
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/Et79f8j.jpg
Erika: Did you find the rune?
Liam: which one
Liam: the lake one?
Erika: Yeah
Erika: I thought that was the first one you come across in the game, at least it was for me
Liam: oh i have like three others i picked up before that
Liam: i feel like a lot of these catboys we have to take on trust
Matt: eh that one deffo looks like a catboy
Matt: despite being fem af
Liam: is there anything i can do with these bloodstones i'm not using?
Erika: If you have objectively better bloodstones then nah just sell em
Mymla: that's some pretty advanced loss.jpg
Faissal: https://twitter.com/zhugeex/status/776784435677106177
Matt: nuke us from orbit
Matt: salt the earth
Liam: man i love eileen's blade weapons
Faissal: Its friday.  Boss tells me its okay to go home early.
Faissal: I fucking love this place
Erika: Amazing
Erika: Another hour for me and I want to leave so bad
Liam: well i unlocked castle cainhurst and got a fair way into the forbidden woods, that's enough for today
Erika: I fucking love castle cainhurst, it's dark souls level design at its peak imo
Liam: i got knocked off an edge by an unseen enemy then immediately firebombed when i hit the ground
Liam: that was the point where i thought "yeah that's enough for now"
Erika: Hah
Alexander: I'm at an airport. How do I plane?
Faissal: Vacation?
Erika: Get the wings powerup then hold the jump button
Alexander: Business trip. Got a conference in Barcelona.
Alexander: I've never flown before though.
Matteo: VMware?
Alexander: Nah, just my company's annual one.
Liam: http://harddawn.com/are-militant-atheists-using-chemtrails-to-poison-the-angels-in-heaven/
Faissal: Sounds pretty cool to travel by plane on the companys dime
Alexander: I suppose. I'm just nervous as it's my first time flying.
Faissal: Dnt worry. Itll go smoothly and barcelona isnt far away
Faissal: Im not sure how to spend the 16 hours on my way to japan next year
Erika: You'll be fine, being above the clouds is awesome
Faissal: A few games. A book.
Erika: Yeah not much else to do really
Erika: Anything that will help you sleep
Faissal: Pretty much.  I did snatch the window seat so atleast i can look at alot of water aswell
Alexander: I've got Phoenix Wright Dual Destinies to play.
Faissal: That will deff last you the plain ride.   Maybe 1 chapter
Erika: Nah UK to Barcelona will be a fast plane
Faissal: I meant, he could maybe finish 1 chapter in the game. Or rather case
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/tHaOqu6.jpg
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CvqmD0CZao
Harley: I hang out with some very odd people.
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsSlAMKUIAA2Tl3.jpg:large
Harley: what job is that?
Mymla: thaumaturge
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CrtTgL6UkAAUvgz.jpg:large
Mymla: that's a goon, isn't it?
Harley: it is
Harley: at least im fairly certain
Harley: we could have another "X Fanfiction"
Harley: anyway go to bed
Mymla: yes
Erika: Yes sir
Alexander: I wish I could sleep. It's too hot.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/YzwKesd.jpg
Matteo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JPfQb549Eo
Erika: http://wednesdaywolf.com/images/paintings/dva.jpg
Erika: Alex 3 looks rad
Erika: New trial looks and sounds rad
Liam: sophia
Erika: They ruined the gubal library music
Erika: But
Erika: NEW
Liam: also
Erika: HAIRSTYLES
Liam: hildibrand
Liam: hildibrand is a dragoon now
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAkiQn8OXBY
Harley: oaky thats legitimately cool
Harley: gubal hard having the demon in the book come out for a fight
Harley: also alex 3 looks good but thatsa  no brainer :>
Harley: also sophia the goddess looks great
Erika: It keeps with the whole ff5 library monsters so yeah that's cool
Liam: konami released a metal gear survive gameplay video
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_PU3Q-glNg4
Liam: it currently as about 1000 dislikes to 200 likes
Liam: winter is the best time of year for pc gaming
Liam: because it means your pc doubles as a heater
Mymla: so that twitter just quotes correct statements now?
Liam: https://twitter.com/NoContextLouis/status/777103971131527168
Matt: Lovely day for it
Liam: someone pointed out that ark fron ff9 appears in the alexander portion of the 3.4 trailer
Harley: yep!
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Csjpdp8XYAAlrxV.jpg:large
Erika: hello
Mymla: meowllo
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CskWdWUWgAAv8WA.jpg:large
Harley: A+
Erika: https://twitter.com/FFXIV_Memes/status/777397332404867072
Harley: Too soooooooooooon.
Erika: https://twitter.com/KojiPro2015_EN/status/777375354264494080
Nikita: I'm alive and fuck this cold ass weather
Nikita: It's not supposed to be like 12C in September
Alexander: I'm sweating like hell on foreign soil.
Erika: Snake, use your cooling device
Harley: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4z3xv2l9_k
Harley: {Um...}
Erika: I saw that haha
Erika: 6 minutes of nonsense for a plinkett review tease
Erika: Haha
Harley: i want them to fuck with the fans even more
Harley: by having a like
Harley: 12 minute review of the new star wars movie
Harley: and its 30 seconds and 11:30 of empty nothing. The 30 seconds being plinket going "It was good!"
Harley: (then put the real clip up later)
Nikita: Fun fact about eastern europe: it's a mobile data deathtrap
Nikita: If you're an idiot or your phone sucks and you left mobile data on in roaming it's like 8 eur per mb
Alexander: I'm getting free roaming here in Spain.
Nikita: FFXV gameplay still looks like shit or they still cannot get a person who can actually play the game
Erika: Bleh
Erika: I really want it to be good
Nikita: Aranea Highwind boss battle looks awkward as shit
Nikita: Yoko Taro's Depression Simulator 2 : Revengeance looks pretty good, on the other hand
Nikita: 3.4 trailer looks cool as heck im all about that Alexander boss fight
Liam: FF15 looks like it plays like kingdom hearts and i am aok with that
Nikita: I remember KH being a bit faster
Nikita: glad they made a new boss theme for Alex Creator
Nikita: step back, two step two step two step one two three got tiring
Liam: 24 sectors tested, delerium unsuspected
Nikita: http://i.imgur.com/d8n8B0x.png
Erika: Hahaha
Nikita: now that Ark is in FF14 when are we getting Eden
Nikita: with the full two minute phase transition
Nikita: though I joke but we already  literally have Knights of the Round
Harley: Oh?
Nikita: its the hairstyles segment in th etrailer
Nikita: if not boss music then definitely used in the creator
Harley: catching up with best friends play bloodborne, and the more i watch it played the more i realise
Harley: i'd enjoy this game alot but the potions would piss me off
Erika: usually when I go back to the hub with blood echoes to spend I'd make sure I have enough vials in reserve to go ahead before I spend the rest on levels
Nikita: Vials were a weird way to bring back grass
Harley: that sounds like the way to go, ill keep it in mind
Faissal: Blood vials were never a real issue
Faissal: Just play the game
Nikita: What if your bad at game
Liam: i lost a lot of vials on the blood starved beast
Liam: although i get the impression now i was kind of jumping ahead a little there
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/if788p6.gif
Harley: welp, name the future baby after the guy
Harley: :>
Liam: holy god ace attorney 6 case 5 rules so hard
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsfHFj3UkAQZyVE.jpg:large
Mymla: me irl
Matteo: So one doesn't have to hunt through dodgy party finder descriptions
Erika: I have a strict rule to only join futa-related party finder parties
Matt: serious erp only
Nikita: I can only finish phase 1 of sephirot extremely aroused
Nikita: Reach my personal Ein Sof Ohr
Nikita: Square trademarked Stormblood apparently
Nikita: May or may not be the name for 4.0
Matteo: Hoping content quality is inversely proportional to name quality then
Liam: https://68.media.tumblr.com/ed9ebe2d4ad8af1bbd72304b1f008245/tumblr_ocqu4c7HJt1u94f78o2_1280.png
Matt: I like that all the right wing ideologies look like absolute assholes
Matt: A Good Picture
Alexander: 1/ Why is this a thing?
2/ Why didn't know about this earlier?
Erika: Basically my thoughts too
Nikita: Tumblr and tumblr
Harley: Heavensward
Mymla: heavens's sward
Liam: heav an sward
Nikita: It should be Bonestorm anyway
Mymla: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CsrRH__UEAE3636.jpg:large
Harley: I get it.
Nikita: Kojima was interviewed about MGSSur and he said that he had nothing to do with it and that real mgs would never be about zombies
Nikita: Now a bunch of goons are sliding into the mgs thread all "um actually"
Mymla: um actually what?
Nikita: Mgs had zombies in it, checkmate you hypocrite hack
Mymla: it did?
Nikita: Mantis in mgs4
Nikita: MgsV to some extent
Mymla: having one character that could arguably be argued to be a zombie is not the same thing as being about zombies
Nikita: Well yeah
Erika: That's the point
Nikita: I'm just paraphrasing what a bunch of goons is saying
Mymla: I'm agreeing with you
Erika: Hooray
Erika: All goons are bad except me
Nikita: Since MGSSur that thread turned into an unreadable slapfight
Nikita: Anyway
Nikita: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/21/96/a5/2196a542da0ebadce8669abf3eb92db3.jpg
Erika: Leider gar nicht geeignet
Erika: Sicherheit ist am wichtigsten
Alexa: ???
Erika: Yessss
Alexa: YAAAAAASSSSS!!!
Alexa: hinuter rollen <3
Alexa: Fuck it's a beautiful language
Erika: Hehee
Erika: Yessss
Matt: u in the share z0ne now bitch!!!!!
Mymla: the fuck is a grey-a?
Matt: almost-but-not-quite-asexual
Matt: or it fluctuates
Nikita: So a demisexual
Matt: I think the distinction is that demisexuals go emotional bond first, sexual attraction second
Matt: fuck off to tumblr raidbot
Nikita: Tl;Dr teens
Erika: Haha
Erika: What
Matt: like if folks want a term for not really getting turned on by randoms, great?
Matt: as long as we're not pretending they're oppressed beyond most media assuming random attraction
Mymla: not getting turned on by hot people is pretty fucked up imo
Matt: also I have never hated a phrase more than "most of ur ids id as guys"
Erika: "in the source material" was the point my brain broke
Nikita: Fandom is a dark hole
Erika: Boo
Nikita: Sassed by my own bot in the Butt by Chuck Tingle
Erika: Haha
Nikita: No idea why it capitalised Butt
Matt: yw
Matteo: I'll keep imagining a demisexual kind of like a demilich in d&d
Matteo: A disembodied penis or vagina
Alexa: That's not a catboy :(
Alexa: Much better <3
Erika: :D
Erika: Most of them are very questionable catboys
Erika: That's the easiest bingo cards ever
Nikita: Yes okay
Harley: thank you
Harley: yeah no kidding, all left right off the bat
Matt: only 20 maids?
Matt: casuals
Nikita: Why are most maids Ninjas
Harley: the real challenge mode here
Harley: is the ones that DONT apply
Harley: Didn't hit gathering node with a 98% chance
Harley: craft didn't hq above 90%
Harley: thats it.
Harley: also I AM THE HEALER WITH AN ANNOYING RAISE MACRO! AAAHAHAHAHA!
Harley: and if that doesn't count, theres always the goon wiwth the "its trash can, not trash cannot!"
Harley: https://twitter.com/FFXIV_Memes/status/777404724521742336
Harley: this one is too good
Harley: also: https://twitter.com/FFXIV_Memes/status/777398737219887106
Alexa: I wish I was a questionable catboy
Erika: You are a questionable catboy to me
Alexa: This means everything to me <3
Mymla: https://twitter.com/AarynFlynn/status/773606214416601088?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
Erika: :3
Nikita: idd
Harley: for the glory of santa ofc
Harley: hail santa
Velcio: Man logging in via web interface is spooky
Velcio: Insert number and suddenly you see phone having "logged in from IP" and the web interface comes out without pressing neter
Velcio: *enter
Velcio: If I had telekinetic powers/force powers I'd probably use it most on grabbing my handkerchiefs from the other side of the room
Matt: read that as handcuffs
Matt: ngl
Erika: Haha
Erika: Russian spy messaging software is my kink
Mymla: *breaks into world's most secure bank's ceo's office*
Mymla: *falls in an airvent on the way out and dies*
Velcio: Fuck, why can't I find sane groups?
Velcio: the irl friend group my friend lured me into for WoW has people doing casual racist remarks, unironically use the term "cuckold", and has one unironic Trump supporter.
Velcio: Guess I'll go back into FFXIV...
Velcio: And I missed my chance to main MCH/BRD in a Finnish group now probably
Velcio: I really don't want to learn a 3rd MMO classs in a short succession
Velcio: I'd probably go Ninja
Harley: but enought about goon squad
Velcio: Tell me about it
Liam: https://66.media.tumblr.com/978f58e0895a5b24f4a42eaf4df37242/tumblr_odrpdj1Y1H1s02vreo1_250.gif
Liam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juQyy00x-Mw
Erika: lol
Erika: https://gfycat.com/ExemplaryHairyGelada
Harley: A+
Liam: http://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_me2dmqea4r1rgzubio1_1280.png
Nikita: Told you Finland is awful
Nikita: That's what you get when you live near Russia and have your own local *chan board
Matteo: Trump did nothing wrong, ban this socialist
Matteo: Also I'm not sure why the term "cuckold" is a thing, or if it's only a thing due to the internet
Matteo: Or what even the thing is
Matteo: I'm pretty sure a similar word has existed in this country since the early 1900
Nikita: Something something alpha males
Matteo: Right, reddit
Nikita: Probably 4chan actually
Nikita: Anime Nazis is more their thing
Nikita: Thankfully that word is a good sign that you should stop talking to that person if they use it unironicaly
Matteo: I was promoted to ninja too
Matteo: By promoted I mean there were two tanks already, we found a better dragoon, and even if I'm shit I can still drop the damage up debuff for burn phases
Matteo: Then I realized what a great idea is playing ninja on third world internet connections
Nikita: It's a pretty cute rabbit I agree
Matteo: That surprisingly doesn't happen too often
Matteo: It's more the ninjutsu keypress can't make up its mind if you pushed 2 or 3 things before it
Matteo: "Good, raitoNO WAIT SORRY I meant to play the suiton animation. You know what? Push the key again and we call that even."
Matteo: Meanwhile the cooldown display said that he doesn't want any of this shit and it's on strike until the next 20 seconds
Matt: Like most misused shit they discovered a thing on tumblr and ran it into the fucking ground
Matt: Almost reckon channers go on tumblr more than SJ lot do
Nikita: https://imgur.com/9ERGD4n.jpg
Erika: Haha
Nikita: Are you sure that's not goons
Erika: I mean I think /reddit has reached its logical endpoint with the mountain of paedos, maybe it should be retired
Erika: Haha
Erika: That's goons
Erika: Oh god
Nikita: Bullseye
Nikita: I like how that list has Umbral Rings
Nikita: I might know the prefered race of the op
Matt: ha
Matt: fuck attractive
Matt: I have a little emo kid Lala and he's great
Nikita: I'm fine with my female drizzt wannabe
Nikita: Dug up my old bootleg Freya cosplay
Nikita: I.e. a maelstrom coat and a red pointy hat
Erika: I'm still the prettiest and coolest elezen no matter what I wear so I'm good
Matt: a low bar
Nikita: You'd fit well into an oven
Matt: calm down Goebbels
Erika: Haha
Erika: And yet I soar so much higher
Erika: I like final fashion 14 but I do love me them AF white mage robes
Erika: It's perfectly in keeping with why I started playing the game in the first place
Erika: I'd like more AF gear that looks spot on like the sprites from 1-5
Erika: Black mage has some catching up to do
Erika: Imagine what red mage AF gear would look like, oh man
Alexander: Bard-tier hat.
Nikita: Blue Mage
Nikita: And Berserker obviously
Matteo: It's important to numerically quantify the level of wankability of your character
Matteo: I also had a literal Drizzt yesterday evening in the desperation monday Mhach
Matteo: He was my group's tank, when I suggested "spread" during Ozma's pyramid phase he fell off the ledge
Matteo: I didn't mean to spread so far
Erika: Updated raidbot:
- /youtube returns just the top result now
- /news returns a couple fewer entries
- other things
Matt: -dongs
Matteo: How long does it take to type a shitpost raidbot
Erika: The first time I make a change without debugging
Erika: "hey let's just change a number, what could go wrong"
Matteo: If it compiles it's good to sell
Faissal: I find that in some cases the end users make the best testers
Erika: Hey
Erika: Case in point
Erika: GOAT
Liam: i'm back in bloodborne and what the fuck the guy had snakes coming out of his head
Erika: Haha
Erika: Heu
Erika: Hey
Liam: it took me a while to get the feel of things in bloodborne but i'm really enjoying it now
Matteo: Yeah, "seven"
Nikita: The smell of vintage memes
Nikita: Perfect
Matt: the iblis trigger!
Nikita: Will Obama stop at nothing
Faissal: Why do clients insist on asking for me when they enter a ticket

Luckily I document every solution i have. So its easy to lookup. But still let tier 1 sort that shit 1st
Nikita: An alarm at work sounds exactly like the alarm in DX1 and I'm sweating rn
Nikita: JC please leave
Erika: Yeah I fucking love it, the dodging/slashing/weapon move combo stuff is so goddamn smooth and fun when it really clicks
Liam: there sure are a lot of snakes in this forest
Nikita: I was very uncomfortable watching that part in the LP I watched
Liam: this is too many snakes
Liam: a surfeit of snakes
Erika: 1: equip kirkhammer
2: switch to hammer mode
3: R2
Alexander: Athena's Objection theme is the best one in Dual Destinies.
Alexander: It's pretty refreshingly different to Phoenix and Apollo's.
Liam: agreed
Nikita: Miles Edgeworth and all of his family are the only good characters
Alexander: Just finished case 3 in Dual Destinies. It's pretty good.
Alexander: Do you count von Karma as his family?
Nikita: Yes
Liam: dual destinies makes apollo great
Liam: i enjoy playing as him more than phoenix now
Alexander: I think Apollo and Athena's interactions are really good.
Liam: i like phoenix's and trucy's interactions with each other
Liam: ace attorney 4 is the weakest of the series but making phoenix a dad was a good move
Alexander: I can't remember much about 4 to be honest, aside from hobo Phoenix and Trucy.
Liam: ema bacame a bitter jaded failure
Alexander: Dual Destinies is the first time I approve of not playing as Phoenix though.
Liam: which was something i liked
Alexander: (Aside from the bit in 3 where you played as Edgeworth.)
Liam: dual destinies fixes a lot of mistakes made in apollo justice
Liam: ironically apollo himself is one of them
Alexander: I'm still waiting to see if Psyche Locks come back, seeing as Apollo's mechanic has and Athena has her own.
Liam: yeah they come bac
Liam: in a big way too
Alexander: Why does this game have costume DLC though?
Alexander: Capcom just couldn't resist, could they?
Liam: capcom
Liam: the dlc case is really good though
Liam: arguably the best in the game
Nikita: We've gone so far that costume dlc feels like a blessing
Nikita: The alternative is much worse
Velcio: I shall plug this in SPSS
Velcio: I've become a nasty grumpy man now
Velcio: Bunch of kids were taking the entire width of some extra wide pavement near my flat, also proceeded to wrestle right to the edge where i had some space. Rang my bell, went through the grass and uttered "Fuck" under my breath. One of them proceeded to shout not to curse
Velcio: I feel like i just see more and more kids not paying any fucking attention to traffic these days
Matteo: Just run them over, they make plenty of those anyway
Matteo: Ok irony doesn't work in chat without voice inflections, please do not run over children with any wheeled vehicle
Liam: too late i just killed 5
Matteo: That was fast
Matteo: Although hovercrafts don't count I guess
Velcio: I bet it was while he was looking at Telegram
Alexander: He'd have to be going fast to not lose momentum after the first couple.
Nikita: Can I run over children in my helicopter?
Velcio: You can propel them
Matteo: If you're good enough to run over a person with a helicopter you can probably convince the jury to waive your lifetime in jail on the basis of your mad skills
Matteo: You could do that in battlefield though, that was fun
Erika: Hey
Nikita: Weirdly familiar catboi
Matt: It me
Erika: Fuckin yass m8
Erika: Got this working in about an hour, let's see how soon it breaks
Liam: cold
Erika: Bit chilly
Alexander: I'm trying to determine the link between The Moon and Highgate.
Erika: Haha
Mymla: highgate is the capital of the moon
Erika: Managed to do a thing in my last hour of work
Alexander: The Moon was in England all along!
Alexander: What a twist!
Erika: I'll fix anything broken or they could be improved, it scrapes a lot more weather data than what raidbot spits out
Nikita: Fuck you raidbot that's a real city
Erika: lol
Alexander: Okay.
Erika: Oh I see what's going on with that error
Erika: I'll fix it St homepage
Erika: at home
Nikita: If you can think of a stupid name for a city it's probably in the US
Erika: Better than nothing
Matteo: Doesn't like the english name
Erika: Aah
Nikita: There we go
Mymla: sick burn
Erika: sick burn @Velcio
Faissal: https://twitter.com/zhugeex/status/778274368254308352
Erika: Close enough
Alexander: Wonder how much was paid for that.
Nikita: fuck you raidbot
Erika: Fuck you id just about forgotten that video existed
Nikita: say thanks to spotify for recommending GIRUGAMESH
Alexander: As soon as I saw Sakura Con 2009, I knew which video you meant.
Nikita: and Dir En Grey too apparently
Nikita: h*ck yeah
Matt: Welcum 2... Da share z0ne.... BITCH
Faissal: ???
Faissal: Goddamit why does rise of iron look so good
Faissal: Really tempted to buy it
Mymla: sounds like one of those strategy games white supremacists play
Faissal: Close
Erika: http://www.imgfly.net/2016/09/bvn.html
Mymla: FUCKING CASUALS
Faissal: Is there some sort of app that can track orders i made? Ive been getting packages lately  while im not expecting them.
Liam: mankind dividied beaten
Nikita: did you divide mankind
Liam: no
Nikita: bummer
Mymla: did mankind divide you?
Faissal: The thing i do dislike about bloodborne is how easy gerham becomes once you fight maria.
Faissal: Still by far the best boss fight
Faissal: Cept orphan. That fucker is still tricky to beat
Faissal: Oh shit. It actually released
Erika: I think orphan is my favourite honestly
Mymla: I have several questions
Liam: it really works
Liam: i'm a catgirl now
Erika: HELLO AND WELCOME TO THE INTERNET
Erika: Liam why does the command log show you making raidbot search "dongs" on YouTube like 20 times, is there something I should know
Erika: Well done
Mymla: well
Mymla: that went better than expected
Erika: Hey
Matt: i meaaaaaaaan
Matt: ?
Matt: awww that didnt work how i'd hoped
Matt: 0/10
Nikita: Es piekritu
Mymla: Anigato, Reibubotsucha
Erika: ^
Erika: I'll get here
Liam: domo arigato mr. roboto
Alexander: Using Japanese IME is easy.
Alexander: Kind of.
Alexander: It's a lot like just typing it in romaji, the tricky part is knowing the word(s) in the first place.
Erika: Oh huh, I didn't know the iPad had romaji input to hiragana too
Erika: I'd been studying the hiragana keyboard layout and finding each one lol
Erika: Not bad practice I guess
Erika: Wakarimasen?
Alexander: Yes.
Alexander: It means "I don't understand".
Erika: Cool
Erika: And yes, clearly
Alexander: I don't even know why I have JP IME installed.
Alexander: But I do.
Alexander: So that was a thing.
Alexander: I need to work on my moon-fu.
Alexander: Itadakimasu?
Erika: Yeah
Alexander: Woah. I actually got it.
Alexander: Shocking.
Liam: http://i.imgur.com/PiQKO6E.mp4
Alexander: Was the lawnmower being on fire intentional?
Alexander: Not bad.
Erika: That's my weeb vocabulary exhausted
Erika: Good night!
Nikita: Hello fellow weaboos I also like the uh ... Sword Art Online
Nikita: My favourite character is the in with the tits
Harley: I love that guy!
Erika: Oh yeah I didn't fix that last night
Alexander: You've not been updating GitHub I see. I wanted to work out what weather service it uses and try to inject query parameters.
Matt: ooh, link the github?
Erika: One sec
Matt: nm I mean I found it in the really obvious place
Erika: Bah I wanted to push stuff first haha
Erika: github.com/MeadowDrone/raidbot
Matt: pushin from the toilet
Matt: a secret command made just for me
Erika: Hehe
Matt: (thats a big lie theres no way I'm the only bi person)
Erika: https://github.com/MeadowDrone/raidbot/blob/master/modules/weather.py#L52 this was in some original code from someone else who put in that weather API into a bot and I had to leave it in because of how much it made me barf
Matt: yeah I mean thank you for spacing that shit out
Alexander: Ah well.
Alexander: 2hu catgirl
Nikita: cool, the first time in weeks I decided to play Overwatch and battlenet keeps dying
Alexander: Blizzard are trying to tell you something.
